0	Starting  back at work today   Looks like it'll be raining for the next couple of days 
1	Sugar levels dropping... munchies setting in. Luckily I have a black chocolate Toblerone in the fridge 
1	@karineb22 yeah!!! have a great summer break! 
1	hannah montana was very good.  now going to read twilight. 
1	@Mayra326 aww, have fun!  I just had my 3D last week!
0	Worried about my cat. Took him to the vet and his blood work etc was all normal but hes still not eatting 
1	Dancing on cloud nine with my significant other.... i got accepted into Nursing School at Del Mar College for this fall 
0	@asherroth omg pls take one for me all i have is bacardi and dr pepper 
0	How did i get stuck watchin over everything Smh Damn n im hungry  didn't have ne breakfast
0	im so exhausted!! LOOONG day....feels good to be in my PJ's, in bed resting....but still gotta study for my quiz  tomorrow 
0	i am soooooo sick right now 
1	@rahulrakesh hahah... treated by my Ex boss 
0	It means i wish you werent going 
1	@_CINNA_ ben chillin all day 
1	@starboy_ Hiddy Ho! Heard good things, so i now follow. 
0	Got a little morning sickness going on  nausea
0	@andrewsayer I miss that shopping center. Brissy has nothing like it 
0	ice pack time 
0	@thisgoeshere the day of the maryland show I didnt sleep well and paid for it at the show 
1	@texanoutofwater lol! that's great 
1	@AprilAMiller Its 5:30 in the evening, sunset time 
0	Soldering adventure was great success. My speakers make noise! Still have to wait a week for the poly finish to quit stinking, though 
0	hung over, crazy night i really want to go to the pride parade but im too tierd 
1	@h2o_ohmalley Hahaha! I have a feeling you're going to be in ALMOST as much trouble as Xerxes. 
1	@Lokz88 but make sure u let me kno cuz if its in july ill def extend my trip n go! 
0	Every time I turn around, something's just not right! Just might be Paranoid! 
0	Trying to figure out what to do. Current situation sucks, might get better but probably won't 
0	But we don't know what were gonna do 
0	My fawking back hurts. 
1	@kimi84 you can still catch on the movie 
0	@_iDANCE19 me neither.  i would have to rely on youtube for vids.
0	The countdown starts until my baby returns: 2 weeks 
1	@jenniferjayy so long, farewell! &lt;333 Have a super amazing day! I'm going to sleep. 
1	@Finestgirl54 well thank you 
1	@catirah aww thanks luv! follow u, follow me!!  any friend of @katiekateP is a friend of mine!
1	@IslaLuna Have a happy day. 
0	I am really ill..x  And i hve missed 2 days of skl...  I hve exams nxt week and i need to revise..x
1	@yanghuawawa your not that toll, you should be ok. 
1	playing RUBY'S LOUNGE in Belgrave this Saturday! Debut album 'The 13' out now!  http://www.myspace.com/poloclub
1	@eveing Hey darling, thanks for appearing so cheerful at work, it really helped me out!  I think everyone was kinda down
0	@muSicFienDkiCks that sucks , I broke a nail too 
0	Work is driving me crazy...  I need an extended vacay.  
0	Sellick kit doesn't come till tomorrow or friday so its not for 5's tonight  pretty gutted
1	@ColinScuba  well evening then  hehee
0	@arlindarlin DUNNO    What does 'can't open' mean? http//thejoshuablog.com
0	just finished colouring my hair i had to way to much grey popping up and i'm not even 30 yet 
1	@lollych Yep please 
0	@amazingphoebe that made me feel really bad  worse than i already did  i'm sorry 
0	My contact scratched my eye  it hurts
0	@xodramaxo I missed it  I blame my neverending history!
0	@JaysonJPhillips lol really?? My bro has xbox360 but he don't let me play 
1	good morning guys ! 
0	What are Jon and Kate coming too? Those poor kids 
0	My friend keeps playing with the piano!  It's so loud
0	life is so boring 
1	g&g's birthday lunch!  mmm, good home cooked italian food. rizzoto, anyone? 
1	is off to camp in the deep dark woods: deer burgers, canoeing, cards, softball, and lots of campfires!  cant get any better than that!
0	Wondering what to do next on Twitter...... Didnt really understand it all that well!!!! 
0	@NicoleJensen That is so incredibly sad.. 
0	@ScottMonty wishing we had an official #SXSEMIA Ford Car. Stuck with crappy Dodge Charger rental. 
1	@RockingtheRobin I AM IN LOVE WITH THE US CONSTITUTION | It would be real cool if our Govt. loved it as much as we do! 
1	Watching Shawn Hlookoff perform at the Temecula Wine & Balloon Festival. He is kicking ass, of course! 
0	pain...so off to bed i go 
0	Today sucks: i'm losing all my friends AND i have to get a shot 
0	more & more arguing.  everyday it's something I did wrong. WTF?
1	@standinginalley hahaha.. aww thank you 
1	@Bloodzillabilly heard it was ur bday...so Happy birthday billy! 
0	@MiChA3LdAc7 why can't you answer me? 
1	@Melde I can go for that! I'm not rooting for anyone myself, just like the hockey-ness of it. 
0	Why did such a good workout have to be ruined by annoying news?! 
1	oh da puppy is so cute 
0	My honey is sick again!  I think he's getting old!
0	Lucy is doing a little better today. Still has a bit of a lack of appetite  Poor baby.
0	goodbye !!! studying for history  wish me good luck
1	@SHADWELL1970 Have fun, Make sure you don't miss the bikes! 
0	Examen de piano  I'm feeling really lazy but it's about to start raining... it's humid and it smells like incredible #squarespace
1	Kicking it wit some friends.  who wants to hang wit me over the summer?
0	4 hot days in a row i am not happy 
1	bringing Dana to dinner tonight @ 6, then calling Cayne  happppy
0	Cleaning stupid gutters with shamus 
0	So incredibly lost  Going on a tweet hiatus, nothing good will be coming out of my mouth today.
0	@Fairywispa @Dryads the same thing? It is so sad 
0	@Quiiggiiee eoghan! your not coming to cork with boyzone?! im very upset  aggghh u logged in like a minute ago! :-O lol xxxx
1	@freosan That would be fun 
1	@LisaNoelRuocco oh and i like your new hair too. i think it really suits you. 
0	@caiab luckyyy! haha my calendar on my phone just went off & i got sad since i gotta wait till 4ish tomorrow. 
0	I can't wait to see my dad! Apparently, he's seriously jet lagged... well that sucks. 
0	My throat hurts  lazying around for the night. Maybe now i'll have decent time for the sims
0	is sad.. 
1	is tired but happy the orphanage was wow.. and babysitting was really fun 
0	Wish I went to see Joakim last night. Poor decision making 
1	@TizzySizzleberg Good morning!  How are you feeling this beautiful morning?
0	im so tired  watching house until friends comes on. its scaring the crap out of me!
1	@emilystratten ahh I am sure you will be fine and do well 
1	Getting some ice cream with bridget. Yum 
0	@thenoodleator I did. Sorry about your Nanna. 
0	@SincereRomantic I tried youtube no luck yet  how long was she on for?
0	too bad he dies at the end 
1	@taylorswift13 I am so JEALOUS!  After I've been at the lake, I look like a drown rat.  You look beautiful, no matter what. 
1	@rebloukalicious Thanks dear for following as well. I appreciate you taking time to know what I have to say. 
1	@chilvia I love Aussie *u* Everyone is like AYE MATE! 
1	i'm a huge fan now of david archuleta and david cook.. 
1	@andycrash Thank you!  
0	@Im_X1 Not looking good. 2-4 hr wait for parts. Lightning fried phone system. 
0	I just saw "Bing" was a trending topic and got excited 
0	Trying to work out the family vacation plans except now I am planning for just me & the boys. boo 
1	FEELIN GOOD! Flight booked! cant wait 2 make that trip... 
1	@ACummings You are beautiful! I can't believe we forgot the photo shoot ! But this one is good   http://is.gd/JjUQ
1	just finished job & full of energy...i think am gona hit the gym 
0	So happy! cuz u talked with my bff @lisahopecyrus gosh i missed her so bad but right now i can't talk!  but later i'll talk with her
0	Chili was good but now im paying for it  .............24
0	I want a sandwich! Sucks I can't have one this late cause then I'll have nightmares 
0	@caitysnow, I tried it and it didn't work  sad day
0	I'm up and at the library now. Ready to start my day from hell. 
1	@_BSoN_ Wow! Yous a biatch! lol 
0	The future people! Although I really wish my grandad had that available a few yrs ago so he didnt have to do radiation 
0	Sadly I'm working 
0	Can't believe it. My June holiday is going to be so unfun. 
0	just realized that i missed a Volbeat concert last night, just 2 blocks away 
0	Its raining here...the bad news blackout even the phone lines are out...all this because of little wind & rain 
0	the baby starling we found yesterday died this morning 
0	Reading This Is What I Want To Tell You and missing my babies. 
1	yes we are quite amazing  @Jonasbrothers
0	frustrated. afraid. sad. lethargic. what's kind of life this is? 
0	@foodbymark it's ages since I've been over there.  Somerfield eh? Shame 
0	I thought nighttime medicine is suppose to make you fall asleep...I feel miserable  someone sing me a lullabye.
1	Just put chai back to sleep. Ha. He's so adorable with his short hair! ... Going back to bed! 
1	No matter how many times I watch any of The Simple Lifes... I don't find them boring! Isn't that just amazing?! 
0	Do u want some cheese with that whine? Why yes Gruyere pls. Sorry so whiney today. Not doing a good job of taking care of me today 
0	Just when I thought my life couldn't get more stressful... I'm angry and scared and disappointed all at the same time 
0	What is wrong with Twitter today?????  I can't block the stupid ppl following me  
0	@shaquib sometimes i don't get a txt with your updates 
1	goood morning all! 
1	is excited to do ACA work tomorrow. 
0	Getting out of bed seems like such a TASK. I scheduled the OT for 11-3.  I should have taken the day off dang it.
1	@MRMIMe no, just plain bored. 
1	IT'S A BEAUTIFUL DAY!!!  I SHOULD GO TO THE POOL TODAY!! IS SO HOT OUTSIDE & I REALLY NEED A TAN!!! LOL! PEOPLE ENJOY THE SUMMER!! 
1	#FF @iamladylyric  @flapjacks9702 @ leftlaneceo @coolvsratednext Thanks for the #FF! 
0	Sorry people but I don't know if JB will be at the MTV Movie Awards!! I don't think so!! Unfortunately 
1	@JasonBradbury E3 this week here's hoping for some great new game announces. Xbox rules 
0	is craving frozen yogurt!  sigh, I miss Berkeley with its 737383 yogurt places DX
1	@Misha1234 Hi beautiful! 
0	tummy hurts  going to bed, gotta get up early. yaayyy band camp.
1	Loves sleeping in when it's raining!! 
0	@darealsuperwman and @shanellenajee so why did I drive all the way here to velvet and no1 is here. 
1	is sitting outside with her doggies and it's HOT hello summer 
1	@itsjamieeexo LMFAO! omg i was just singing that song yesterday & it felt great. lmfao, random  ilyilyily.
1	While i wouldn't call Up! Pixar's best work, it is still very good and worth seeing.  Fun for all ages.  
1	Just woke up. Having no school is the best feeling ever 
1	Happy muthath's day to all moms!!! I salute you! 
0	terrible weather, and i feel pretty ill 
0	WHAT?! Will.i.am has cut his dreads off. And the video for Boom Boom Pow ain't on much hypes. Falling out of love a bit... 
0	@taskbaarchitect And why the Hell didn't you call ME for that?! 
1	Oh my... the Fufu berry Jones soda is really yummy! Ah... its been so long Jones soda. 
1	@theOlsens ï love u guys!!&lt;3 u are so talented!!!!!! hope u are doing great!  FAN 4-EVER &lt;3
1	@KristieKastl. As do I. But woooo  that's exciting. Find the Cash Cab!
1	What s up wit that one night bedfightt thoo!  Rud onur tittys haha AsherRoth is krazyy lol
1	i love keir hilson! 
1	@ericjgruber that's so exciting and wonderful eric!!!!! saw on fb, you're having another girl  congratulations
0	@kellieohl i have 2 b alone now  boo hoo
0	@glencocco how do these tumblr points work? it's annoying as hell 
1	finals week-- then off to florida to start my life as a full time adult! 
1	 i think it worked lol
1	@RissaAnnaly aww, I lovee them ahaha and I only met them 2 days ago,  flipinggfantastic,
0	I'm sorry. That was mean! 
1	@Jchawes and @grantswilson you two just made my day with you tweets. 
0	Man this is starting to feel like last year   #pens need to do something to change the tide.
1	I'm the happiest alive. My girl just woke up to talk to me drunk. I love that girl. Boo boo i love ypj i'm drunk. 
1	@ExpatBrandDude Thanks x2 ! 
0	I finally get on chat and everyone is gone 
1	@krissstinne aren't you excited though? ENGLISH TOMORROW! 
0	@Frances_Smith heyyy chick, just packing up now!  see you at work tomorrow!!! xxx
0	where'd all the sunshine go? It's pretty grim out there today 
0	is up again early with the kids, i wouldn't mind so much but i am still sick. I'm feeling pretty cruddy today 
0	I don't know where the remote is and my feet hurt too much to get up to change the channel   http://myloc.me/2ZFK
1	Is enjoying another day at the beach.  No rain today. 
1	such a good weekend! off through to the deen today, roll on edith bowmans show! 
0	momentarily have more energy (nausea is yet to disappear) but before I work on characters I need to fill out countless forms  SIGH
1	@ZacharyQuinto So happy for you! It must have been a great moment! 
1	@djp_rez woot! hope u have safe flight. so excited for u! make sure to eat sum tex-mex and bbq while u r there! and most of all, ROCK IT! 
0	my dentist is so MEAN!  
1	hittin the road to new mexico. Can't wait to see the fam 
1	@isparkleen wow, that's good 
1	100th tweet!  Saved for something special:  good night and sweet dreams.  
0	thinks it is awful about the murdered pregnant women today in Grimsby  x x x
0	had so wished 2 visit da oxford bookstore 2day... bt guests arrivin @ last min...hafta visit da grocery instead 
1	... continues reading Paulo Coelho's "The winner stands alone". Finally I got my own example! 
1	@Luneowl I like the look of the trail!  Reminds me of trails I used to walk on growing up.
1	Good Morning Angels from Overcast Ontario California 
0	Off to ikea with blythers and @sphericalmap. yawn didn't sleep well 
0	Cleaned the sink trap in the pool bathroom. Kids thought it would be funny to plug it with toilet paper. Yeah, that's a lot of fun for me 
0	been off twitter for a week now - feels like it anyway. my PC is out - like - DONE , toast. so im using a loaner one now.  sad.
1	omg a cloud in the shape of a rabbit how cute - omg a rabbit in the shape of a cloud even cuter  ha that made my day. i swear, for dur ...
0	i hate Tuesday . 
1	i LOVE the da vinci code!
0	is going to watch "Womanizer" at the cinema tonight..has a bad headache 
0	@mgdoscher I dunno!  @facebook It says "Page Unavailable We're sorry, this Page isn't available right now    I hope it didn't get deleted!
0	Is sad perry had left for 4 weeks 
0	up way 2 early, and I cant sleep 
0	met a cute guy from san fransico who is leaving tomorrow  why do the cute ones never have extended stays