Accounting The terms "accounting" and "financial reporting" are often used as synonyms.
Rick Grimes Rick Grimes is a fictional character and the protagonist in the comic book series "The Walking Dead" and the television series of the same name, portrayed by Andrew Lincoln.
Ireland There are twenty-six extant mammal species native to Ireland.
Cheerleading Competitive routines typically range anywhere from one to three minutes, and contain components of tumbling, dance, jumps, cheers, and stunting.
Ireland The island has lush vegetation, a product of its mild but changeable climate which is free of extremes in temperature.
Elvis Presley Presley was born in Tupelo, Mississippi, and relocated to Memphis, Tennessee, with his family when he was 13 years old.
Skurfing (sport) The skurfer is towed behind a motorboat at planing speed with a tow rope similar to that of Knee Boarding and wakeboarding.
Crossbow The earliest crossbows in the world were invented in ancient China and caused a major shift in the role of projectile weaponry.
Hunting However, excessive hunting has also heavily contributed to the endangerment, extirpation and extinction of many animals.
Ireland The island has lush vegetation, a product of its mild but changeable climate which is free of extremes in temperature.
Video game development The independent game industry has seen a substantial rise in recent years with the growth of new online distribution systems, such as Steam and Uplay, as well as the mobile game market, such as for Android and iOS devices.
Nickelback The band achieved commercial success with the release of their 2000 album "The State" and then they achieved mainstream success with the release of their 2001 album "Silver Side Up".
Green It is evoked by light which has a dominant wavelength of roughly 495570 nm.
Harry Potter , the books have sold more than 500 million copies worldwide, making them the best-selling book series in history, and have been translated into seventy-three languages.
American football The first match of American football was played on November 6, 1869, between two college teams, Rutgers and Princeton, under rules based on the association football rules of the time.
Broken heart The emotional "pain" of a broken heart is believed to be part of the survival instinct.
Dallas Cowboys Cheerleaders The Dallas Cowboys Cheerleaders are widely regarded as one of the best cheerleading squads in the NFL.
Dylan's Candy Bar Lauren said that her goal was to "merge fashion, art and pop candy culture".
Green It is evoked by light which has a dominant wavelength of roughly 495570 nm.
Accounting The modern field was established by the Italian mathematician Luca Pacioli in 1494.
Ireland The island has lush vegetation, a product of its mild but changeable climate which is free of extremes in temperature.
Guns N' Roses Guns N' Roses has released six studio albums, accumulating sales of more than 100 million records worldwide, including 45 million in the United States, making them the 41st best-selling artist of all time.
John Grisham He practiced criminal law for about a decade and served in the House of Representatives in Mississippi from January 1984 to September 1990.
Goldendoodle Their coats do not shed, which reduces dander.
History of QubicaAMF Bowling World Cup Since its inception in 1965, this event has brought together champions from all over world so that players from small countries with few bowling facilities can meet the greats of the sport, all on equal terms and all in a spirit of friendly competition.
Bowling form A well-known variant of "tweening" is the power stroker.
Elvis Presley Presley's first RCA single, "Heartbreak Hotel", was released in January 1956 and became a number one hit in the United States.
Chromium Chromium is a chemical element with symbol Cr and atomic number 24.
Balance sheet In financial accounting, a balance sheet or statement of financial position is a summary of the financial balances of an individual or organization, whether it be a sole proprietorship, a business partnership, a corporation, private limited company or other organization such as Government or not-for-profit entity.
Swing (dance) "Swing dance" is a group of dances that developed with the swing style of jazz music in the 1920s-1940s, with the origins of each dance predating the popular "swing era".
Motivation The "wanting behavior" associated with a rewarding stimulus can be increased by microinjections of dopamine and dopaminergic drugs in the dorsorostral nucleus accumbens and posterior ventral palladium.
Rutgers Scarlet Knights In sports, Rutgers is chiefly known for being the "Birthplace of College Football", hosting the first ever intercollegiate football game on November 6, 1869 in which Rutgers defeated a team from the College of New Jersey (now Princeton University) with a score of 6 runs to 4.
Green It is evoked by light which has a dominant wavelength of roughly 495570 nm.
John Grisham The book was adapted into a 1993 feature film of the same name, starring Tom Cruise, and a 2012 TV series which "continues the story of attorney Mitchell McDeere and his family 10 years after the events of the film and novel."
Yellowstone National Park The park is known for its wildlife and its many geothermal features, especially Old Faithful geyser, one of its most popular features.
Ireland Politically, Ireland is divided between the Republic of Ireland (officially named Ireland), which covers five-sixths of the island, and Northern Ireland, which is part of the United Kingdom, in the northeast of the island.
American football The offense must advance at least ten yards in four downs, or plays, and otherwise they turn over the football to the defense; if the offense succeeds in advancing ten yards or more, they are given a new set of four downs.
American football Points are primarily scored by advancing the ball into the opposing team's end zone for a touchdown or kicking the ball through the opponent's goalposts for a field goal.
Harry Potter The main story arc concerns Harry's struggle against Lord Voldemort, a dark wizard who intends to become immortal, overthrow the wizard governing body known as the Ministry of Magic, and subjugate all wizards and muggles, a reference term that means non-magical people.
Instagram Users can apply various digital filters to their images, and add locations through geotags.
Miniature Pinscher The Miniature Pinscher (Zwergpinscher or Min Pin) is a small breed of dog originating from Germany.
Bodybuilding supplement A number of herbal concoctions and tonics have been used by strong men and athletes since ancient times across cultures to try to increase their strength and stamina.
Cod Cod livers are processed to make cod liver oil, an important source of vitamin A, vitamin D, vitamin E, and omega-3 fatty acids (EPA and DHA).
Shades of green Green is common in nature, especially in plants.
Nursing Nurses may be differentiated from other health care providers by their approach to patient care, training, and scope of practice.
Goldendoodle Poodles are considered to be hypoallergenic.
Bowling The most common types of pin bowling include ten-pin, nine-pin, candlepin, duckpin and five-pin bowling, while in target bowling, bowls, skittles, kegel, bocce, carpet bowls, p√©tanque, and boules, both indoor and outdoor varieties are popular.
Green It is evoked by light which has a dominant wavelength of roughly 495570 nm.
Gymnastics Alertness, precision, daring, self-confidence and self-discipline are mental traits that can also be developed through gymnastics.
Archery The word comes from the Latin "arcus".
The Walking Dead (TV series) "The Walking Dead" premiered in the United States on October 31, 2010, exclusively shown on cable television channel AMC and internationally on Fox International Channels.
Dirty Jobs It returned as a series on July 26, 2005, running for eight seasons until September 12, 2012.
Elvis impersonator Contrary to popular belief, Elvis impersonators have existed since the mid-1950s, just after Elvis began his career.
Hot dog Hot dog variants include the corn dog and pig in a blanket.
Skiing It comes from the Old Norse word "sk√≠√∞" which means "split piece of wood or firewood".
Instagram Users can connect their Instagram account to other social media profiles, enabling them to share photos to those profiles as well.
Mississippi Its western border is formed by the Mississippi River.
Green By far the largest contributor to green in nature is chlorophyll, the chemical by which plants photosynthesize and convert sunlight into chemical energy.
Hunting It is also not considered hunting to pursue animals without intent to kill them, as in wildlife photography, birdwatching, or scientific research activities which involve tranquilizing or tagging of animals or birds.
Discovery Channel , Discovery Channel is the third most widely distributed cable channel in the United States, behind TBS and The Weather Channel; it is available in 409 million households worldwide, through its U.S. flagship channel and its various owned or licensed television channels internationally.
Medicare (United States) In the United States, Medicare is a single-payer, national social insurance program administered by the U.S. federal government since 1966, currently using about 30‚Äì50 private insurance companies across the United States under contract for administration.
Relish A relish is a cooked and pickled product made of chopped vegetables, fruits or herbs, and is a food item typically used as a condiment, in particular to enhance a staple.
Dog training Some of the better known dog training procedures include the Koehler method, clicker training, motivational training, electronic training, model-rival training, dominance-based training, and relationship-based training.
Elvis Presley With a series of successful network television appearances and chart-topping records, he became the leading figure of the newly popular sound of rock and roll.
Paul McCartney Sir James Paul McCartney, (born 18 June 1942), is an English singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, and composer.
Harry Potter The main story arc concerns Harry's struggle against Lord Voldemort, a dark wizard who intends to become immortal, overthrow the wizard governing body known as the Ministry of Magic, and subjugate all wizards and muggles, a reference term that means non-magical people.
Green It also has a long historical tradition as the color of Ireland and of Gaelic culture.
Hunting Lawful hunting is distinguished from poaching, which is the illegal killing, trapping or capture of the hunted species.
Elvis Presley Regarded as one of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century, he is often referred to as the "King of Rock and Roll" or simply "the King".
Military rank The military rank system incorporates the principles of exercising power and authority, and the military chain of command ‚Äì the succession of commanders superior to subordinates through which command is exercised ‚Äì constructs an important component for organized collective action.
Skiing The word "ski" is one of a handful of words Norway has exported to the international community.
Peyton Manning Considered to be one of the greatest quarterbacks of all time due to his numerous career achievements, he spent 14 seasons with the Colts and was a member of the Denver Broncos in his last four seasons.
Humans vs. Zombies The storyline of the game dictates that players begin as Humans and try to survive a Zombie invasion.
Skittles (sport) In regions of the United Kingdom and Ireland the game remains a popular indoor place game.
Skiing The bottom of the short ski was either plain or covered with animal skin to aid this use, while the long ski supporting the weight of the skier was treated with animal fat in a similar manner to modern ski waxing.
American football The team with the most points at the end of a game wins.
Nickelback Nickelback is one of the most commercially successful Canadian groups, having sold more than 50 million albums worldwide and ranking as the eleventh best-selling music act, and the second best-selling foreign act in the U.S. of the 2000s, behind The Beatles.
Elvis Presley Presley's first RCA single, "Heartbreak Hotel", was released in January 1956 and became a number one hit in the United States.
Bodybuilding supplement In October 1994, the Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act (DSHEA) was signed into law in the USA.
Pink Pink is a pale red color that is named after a flower of the same name.
Lobotomy This was despite general recognition of frequent and serious side effects.
Bodybuilding supplement Later, bodybuilder Earle Liederman advocated the use of "beef juice" or "beef extract" (basically, consomme) as a way to enhance muscle recovery.
Medical cannabis Limited evidence suggests cannabis can: reduce nausea and vomiting during chemotherapy, improve appetite in people with HIV/AIDS, and reduce chronic pain and muscle spasms.
Skittles (sport) In Catalonia, "bitlles", a local version of this game was formerly popular.
Accounting Accounting can be divided into several fields including financial accounting, management accounting, external auditing, tax accounting and cost accounting.
Broken heart The emotional "pain" of a broken heart is believed to be part of the survival instinct.
Black Friday (shopping) Black Friday is an informal name for the day following Thanksgiving Day in the United States, the fourth Thursday of November, which has been regarded as the beginning of the country's Christmas shopping season since 1952.
Neurosurgery Most, but not all, residency programs have some component of basic science or clinical research.
Ten-pin bowling While professional ten-pin bowling tournaments are held in numerous countries, the sport is commonly played as a hobby by millions of people around the world.
Income tax in the United States In the United States, a tax is imposed on income by the federal government, most state governments, and many local governments.
Hedge Often they serve as windbreaks to improve conditions for the adjacent crops, as in bocage country.
Harry Potter The series has also had its share of criticism, including concern about the increasingly dark tone as the series progressed, as well as the often gruesome and graphic violence it depicts.
Biathlon The biathlon is a winter sport that combines cross-country skiing and rifle shooting.
Cod Cod livers are processed to make cod liver oil, an important source of vitamin A, vitamin D, vitamin E, and omega-3 fatty acids (EPA and DHA).
Bowling Three consecutive strikes is a known as a "turkey".
Auto racing There are now numerous different categories, each with different rules and regulations.
Elvis Presley His music career began there in 1954, recording at Sun Records with producer Sam Phillips, who wanted to bring the sound of African American music to a wider audience.
Cross-country skiing Cross-country skiing is a form of skiing where skiers rely on their own locomotion to move across snow-covered terrain, rather than using ski lifts or other forms of assistance.
Dog training A dog learns from interactions it has with its environment.
Cheerleading It can be performed to motivate sports teams, entertain the audience, or for competition.
Guns N' Roses The lineup, when first signed to Geffen Records in 1986, consisted of vocalist Axl Rose, lead guitarist Slash, rhythm guitarist Izzy Stradlin, bassist Duff McKagan, and drummer Steven Adler.
Red coat (military uniform) From the mid-17th century to the 19th century, the uniform of most British soldiers (apart from artillery, rifles and light cavalry) included a madder red coat or coatee.
Cardigan (sweater) The cardigan was named after James Brudenell, 7th Earl of Cardigan, a British Army Major General who led the Charge of the Light Brigade at the Battle of Balaclava during the Crimean War.
Cheerleading It can be performed to motivate sports teams, entertain the audience, or for competition.
Instagram It is owned by Facebook.
Harry Potter The series has also had its share of criticism, including concern about the increasingly dark tone as the series progressed, as well as the often gruesome and graphic violence it depicts.
Blue Suede Shoes "Blue Suede Shoes" is a rock-and-roll standard written and first recorded by Carl Perkins in 1955.
Bowling The maximum score is 300, which is achieved by getting 12 strikes in a row.
Dylan's Candy Bar It stocks 7,000 candies from around the world.
Broken heart The "social-attachment system" uses the "pain system" to encourage humans to maintain their close social relationships by causing pain when those relationships are lost.
Archery Archery is the sport, practice or skill of using a bow to propel arrows.
Skiing Skiing can be a means of transport, a recreational activity or a competitive winter sport in which the participant uses skis to glide on snow.
Super Bowl commercials The phenomenon is a result of the game's extremely high viewership and wide demographics: Super Bowl games have frequently been among the United States' most watched television broadcasts, with Nielsen having estimated that Super Bowl XLIX in 2015 was seen by at least 114.4 million viewers in the United States, surpassing the previous year's Super Bowl as the highest-rated television broadcast in U.S. history.
Cheerleading Competitive routines typically range anywhere from one to three minutes, and contain components of tumbling, dance, jumps, cheers, and stunting.
Yoga Yoga (; Sanskrit, ‡§Ø‡•ã‡§ó‡§É Listen) is a group of physical, mental, and spiritual practices or disciplines which originated in ancient India.
Cycling Bicycles provide numerous benefits in comparison with motor vehicles, including the sustained physical exercise involved in cycling, easier parking, increased maneuverability, and access to roads, bike paths and rural trails.
Green Many creatures have adapted to their green environments by taking on a green hue themselves as camouflage.
Motivation Motivation theories can be classified on a number of bases:  Motivation as a desire to perform an action is usually defined as having two parts, directional such as directed towards a positive stimulus or away from a negative one, as well as the activated "seeking phase" and consummatory "liking phase".
Instagram Users can apply various digital filters to their images, and add locations through geotags.
Bowling It is one of the major forms of throwing sports.
Instagram Users can connect their Instagram account to other social media profiles, enabling them to share photos to those profiles as well.
Broken heart The concept is cross-cultural, often cited with reference to a desired or lost lover, and dates back at least 3,000 years.
Insane Clown Posse The duo has earned two platinum and five gold albums.
Bee Bees are adapted for feeding on nectar and pollen, the former primarily as an energy source and the latter primarily for protein and other nutrients.
Shades of green Green is common in nature, especially in plants.
American football American football, referred to as football in the United States and Canada, and also known as gridiron football or simply gridiron, is a team sport played by two teams of eleven players on a rectangular field with goalposts at each end.
Bodybuilding supplement A number of herbal concoctions and tonics have been used by strong men and athletes since ancient times across cultures to try to increase their strength and stamina.
Dirt track racing Dirt track racing is the single most common form of auto racing in the United States.
Broken heart The emotional "pain" of a broken heart is believed to be part of the survival instinct.
Green It is evoked by light which has a dominant wavelength of roughly 495570 nm.
Lil' Kim In 1994, she was discovered by fellow rapper The Notorious B.I.G., who invited her to join his rap group Junior M.A.F.I.A.
Tom Brady He is one of only two players to win five Super Bowls (the other being defensive player Charles Haley) and the only player to win them all playing for one team.
Bowling The most common types of pin bowling include ten-pin, nine-pin, candlepin, duckpin and five-pin bowling, while in target bowling, bowls, skittles, kegel, bocce, carpet bowls, p√©tanque, and boules, both indoor and outdoor varieties are popular.
Cardigan (sweater) By contrast, a pullover does not open in front but must be "pulled over" the head to be worn.
Archery In modern times, it is mainly a competitive sport and recreational activity.
Cod Cod livers are processed to make cod liver oil, an important source of vitamin A, vitamin D, vitamin E, and omega-3 fatty acids (EPA and DHA).
Harry Potter , the books have sold more than 500 million copies worldwide, making them the best-selling book series in history, and have been translated into seventy-three languages.
Cheer Athletics Cheer Athletics, located in Plano, TX (near Dallas, TX), Austin, TX, Frisco, TX and Charlotte, NC and Columbus, OH is one of the largest all-star cheerleading program in the United States, with over thousands of athletes competing on 80+ teams.
Eugen Sandow Sandow was born in K√∂nigsberg, Prussia (now Kaliningrad, Russia) on April 2, 1867 to a German father and a Russian mother.
NFL RedZone NFL RedZone from NFL Network is an American sports television channel owned and operated by NFL Network since 2009.
Harry Potter The main story arc concerns Harry's struggle against Lord Voldemort, a dark wizard who intends to become immortal, overthrow the wizard governing body known as the Ministry of Magic, and subjugate all wizards and muggles, a reference term that means non-magical people.
Cheerleading Cheerleading originated in the United States, and remains predominantly in America, with an estimated 1.5 million participants in all-star cheerleading.
Accounting Accounting can be divided into several fields including financial accounting, management accounting, external auditing, tax accounting and cost accounting.
The Walking Dead (TV series) Beginning with its third season, "The Walking Dead" has attracted the most 18- to 49-year-old viewers of any cable or broadcast television series.
Indianapolis 500 The event is held over Memorial Day weekend in late May.
Medical billing Those seeking advancement may be cross-trained in medical coding or transcription or auditing, and may earn a bachelor's or graduate degree in medical information science and technology.
Elvis Presley With a series of successful network television appearances and chart-topping records, he became the leading figure of the newly popular sound of rock and roll.
The Walking Dead (TV series) Beginning with its third season, "The Walking Dead" has attracted the most 18- to 49-year-old viewers of any cable or broadcast television series.
Elvis Presley Presley was born in Tupelo, Mississippi, and relocated to Memphis, Tennessee, with his family when he was 13 years old.
Northern Ireland Established by the Northern Ireland Act 1998 as part of the Good Friday Agreement, the Northern Ireland Assembly holds responsibility for a range of devolved policy matters, while other areas are reserved for the British government.
Game design Game design creates goals, rules and challenges to define a board game, card game, dice game, casino game, role-playing game, sport, video game, war game or simulation that produces desirable interactions among its participants and, possibly, spectators.
Kendrick Lamar He began to gain recognition in 2010, after his first retail release, "Overly Dedicated".
Music festival A music festival is a community event oriented towards live performances of singing and instrument playing that is often presented with a theme such as musical genre (e.g., blues, folk,  jazz, classical music), nationality, or locality of musicians, or holiday.
Cardigan (sweater) By contrast, a pullover does not open in front but must be "pulled over" the head to be worn.
Bowling It is one of the major forms of throwing sports.
Harry Potter Harry Potter is a series of fantasy novels written by British author J. K. Rowling.
Skiing Early skiers used one long pole or spear.
Plant-based diet As of 1999, it was estimated that "4 billion people live primarily on a plant-based diet", and that "shortage of cropland, freshwater, and energy resources requires that most of the 4 billion people live primarily on a plant-based diet".
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban is a fantasy novel written by British author J. K. Rowling and the third novel in the "Harry Potter" series.
Bowling The term "hambone" has also been used to describe four consecutive strikes.
Ten-pin bowling The objective is to score the highest pinfall by knocking down as many pins as possible.
Elvis Presley His music career began there in 1954, recording at Sun Records with producer Sam Phillips, who wanted to bring the sound of African American music to a wider audience.
Cycling Apart from two-wheeled bicycles, "cycling" also includes the riding of unicycles, tricycles, quadracycles, recumbent and similar human-powered vehicles (HPVs).
American football American football evolved in the United States, originating from the sports of association football and rugby football.
Kurt Cobain Born in Aberdeen, Washington, Cobain formed the band Nirvana with Krist Novoselic and Aaron Burckhard in 1987 and established it as part of the Seattle music scene which later became known as grunge.
Grand Canyon The Grand Canyon is long, up to wide and attains a depth of over a mile ().
Accounting Accounting can be divided into several fields including financial accounting, management accounting, external auditing, tax accounting and cost accounting.
Elvis Presley Presley's first RCA single, "Heartbreak Hotel", was released in January 1956 and became a number one hit in the United States.
Cardigan (sweater) Coco Chanel is credited with popularizing cardigans for women because "she hated how tight-necked men‚Äôs sweaters messed up her hair when she pulled them over her head."
Guns N' Roses Guns N' Roses' debut album, "Appetite for Destruction" (1987), reached number one on the "Billboard" 200 a year after its release, on the strength of "Sweet Child o' Mine", the band's only single to reach number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
Deflategate The controversy resulted in Patriots quarterback Tom Brady being suspended for four games and the team being fined $1 million and losing two draft picks.
Cheerleading Cheerleading began during the late 18th century with the rebellion of male students.
Ireland The island has lush vegetation, a product of its mild but changeable climate which is free of extremes in temperature.
Elvis Presley Presley's first RCA single, "Heartbreak Hotel", was released in January 1956 and became a number one hit in the United States.
Hunting Hunting is the practice of killing or trapping animals, or pursuing or tracking them with the intent of doing so.
Ten-pin bowling The objective is to score the highest pinfall by knocking down as many pins as possible.
Accounting Accounting can be divided into several fields including financial accounting, management accounting, external auditing, tax accounting and cost accounting.
Popcorn Corn was first domesticated 9,000 years ago in what is now Mexico.
Bodybuilding supplement Athletes in ancient Greece were advised to consume large quantities of meat and wine.
Memphis Mafia The "Memphis Mafia" was the nickname given by rock 'n' roll icon Elvis Presley to a group of friends, associates, employees and cousins whose main functions were to accompany, protect, and serve Elvis from the beginning of his career in 1954 until his death in 1977.
Reality television Reality television is a genre of television programming that documents supposedly unscripted real-life situations, and often features an otherwise unknown cast of individuals who are typically not professional actors, although in some shows celebrities may participate.
Instagram Instagram lets registered users upload photos or videos to the service.
Skiing The word "ski" is one of a handful of words Norway has exported to the international community.
Harry Potter The novels chronicle the life of a young wizard, Harry Potter, and his friends Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley, all of whom are students at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.
Cycling They are the principal means of transportation in many parts of the world.
Instagram A version for Android devices was released two years later, in April 2012, followed by a feature-limited website interface in November 2012, and apps for Windows 10 Mobile and Windows 10 in April 2016 and October 2016 respectively.
Goldendoodle The original purpose of the cross was to develop guide dogs suitable for visually impaired individuals with allergies.
Green In subtractive color systems, used in painting and color printing, it is created by a combination of yellow and blue, or yellow and cyan; in the RGB color model, used on television and computer screens, it is one of the additive primary colors, along with red and blue, which are mixed in different combinations to create all other colors.
Harry Potter The novels chronicle the life of a young wizard, Harry Potter, and his friends Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley, all of whom are students at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.
Nickelback The band achieved commercial success with the release of their 2000 album "The State" and then they achieved mainstream success with the release of their 2001 album "Silver Side Up".
Chihuahua (dog) No records of the Techichi are available prior to the 9th century, although dog pots from Colima, Mexico, buried as part of the western Mexico shaft tomb tradition which date back to 300 BC are thought to depict Techichis.
Auto racing Almost as soon as automobiles had been invented, races of various sorts were organised, with the first recorded as early as 1867.
John Grisham Eight of his other novels have also been adapted into films: "The Chamber", "The Client", "A Painted House", "The Pelican Brief", "The Rainmaker", "The Runaway Jury", "Skipping Christmas", and "A Time to Kill".
Dylan's Candy Bar Dylan's Candy Bar is a chain of boutique candy shops and candy supplier currently located in New York City; East Hampton, New York; Los Angeles, Chicago and Miami Beach, as well as in wholesale venues around the globe.
Harry Potter , the books have sold more than 500 million copies worldwide, making them the best-selling book series in history, and have been translated into seventy-three languages.
Cheerleading Cheerleading originated in the United States, and remains predominantly in America, with an estimated 1.5 million participants in all-star cheerleading.
John Grisham Grisham's first bestseller, "The Firm", sold more than seven million copies.
Green Many creatures have adapted to their green environments by taking on a green hue themselves as camouflage.
Elvis Presley Presley's first RCA single, "Heartbreak Hotel", was released in January 1956 and became a number one hit in the United States.
The Walking Dead (TV series) Andrew Lincoln plays the show's lead character, sheriff's deputy Rick Grimes, who awakens from a coma discovering a world overrun by zombies, commonly referred to as "walkers".
Thierry Henry At international level he represented France and is his country's record goalscorer.
Rick Grimes He awakens from a coma after a life-threatening gun shot wound to find the world overrun by zombies, to which they refer as "walkers".
Harry Potter The novels chronicle the life of a young wizard, Harry Potter, and his friends Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley, all of whom are students at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.
Paramedics in Australia Paramedics are able to treat patients in the pre-hospital setting, and can transport them to a hospital-based emergency department if deemed necessary.
Kurt Cobain On April 8, 1994, Cobain was found dead at his home in Seattle; the death was ruled a suicide by a self-inflicted shotgun wound to the head.
John Grisham A Galaxy British Book Awards winner, Grisham is one of only three authors to sell 2 million copies on a first printing.
V for Vendetta V for Vendetta is a British graphic novel written by Alan Moore and illustrated by David Lloyd (with additional art by Tony Weare).
Instagram Instagram is a mobile, desktop, and Internet-based photo-sharing application and service that allows users to share pictures and videos either publicly, or privately to pre-approved followers.
Popcorn The six major types of corn are dent corn, flint corn, pod corn, popcorn, flour corn, and sweet corn.
Courtney Love Love has drawn public attention for her uninhibited live performances and confrontational lyrics, as well as her highly publicized personal life following her marriage to Kurt Cobain.
Accounting Accounting can be divided into several fields including financial accounting, management accounting, external auditing, tax accounting and cost accounting.
Japanese language Japanese is an agglutinative, mora-timed language with simple phonotactics, a pure vowel system, phonemic vowel and consonant length, and a lexically significant pitch-accent.
Winnipeg Fire Paramedic Service WFPS has two equally important divisions: The Winnipeg Fire Department (WFD) and Winnipeg Emergency Medical Services (WEMS), using a centralized dispatch system.
Motivation The "wanting behavior" associated with a rewarding stimulus can be increased by microinjections of dopamine and dopaminergic drugs in the dorsorostral nucleus accumbens and posterior ventral palladium.
Hot dog This type of sausage was culturally imported from Germany and popularized in the United States, where it became a working-class street food sold at hot dog stands and carts.
Hunting It is also not considered hunting to pursue animals without intent to kill them, as in wildlife photography, birdwatching, or scientific research activities which involve tranquilizing or tagging of animals or birds.
The Walking Dead (comic book) The Walking Dead is an ongoing black-and-white comic book series created by writer Robert Kirkman and artist Tony Moore.
Bowling The maximum score is 300, which is achieved by getting 12 strikes in a row.
Skiing Early skiers used one long pole or spear.
Nickelback "Billboard" ranks them the most successful rock group of the decade; their song "How You Remind Me" was listed as the best-selling rock song of the decade and the fourth best-selling of the decade.
Yellowstone National Park Yellowstone National Park is a national park located in the U.S. states of Wyoming, Montana, and Idaho.
Joint custody Joint custody has two main forms: In joint custody both parents are custodial parents and neither parent is a non-custodial parent, or, in other words, the child has two custodial parents.
Dream Theater Dream Theater is an American progressive metal band formed in 1985 under the name Majesty by John Petrucci, John Myung and Mike Portnoy while they attended Berklee College of Music in Boston, Massachusetts.
Hiking The term bushwalking is endemic to Australia, having been adopted by the Sydney Bush Walkers club in 1927.
Pecan pie Pecan pie is often served with whipped cream, vanilla ice cream, or hard sauce.
Ice cream The mixture is stirred to incorporate air spaces and cooled below the freezing point of water to prevent detectable ice crystals from forming.
Parenting In many cases, orphaned or abandoned children receive parental care from non-parent blood relations.
Mediation All participants in mediation are encouraged to actively participate in the process.
Alpine skiing Alpine skiing has been an event at the Winter Olympic Games since 1936 (except for the 1940 games).
Brother Industries Brother's history began in 1908 when the Yasui Sewing Machine Co. was established in Nagoya, Japan.
Radiology A variety of imaging techniques such as X-ray radiography, ultrasound, computed tomography (CT), nuclear medicine including positron emission tomography (PET), and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) are used to diagnose and/or treat diseases.
Kindergarten Today, the term is used in many countries to describe a variety of educational institutions and learning spaces for children ranging from two to seven years of age, based on a variety of teaching methods.
The Beatles Manager Brian Epstein moulded them into a professional act, and producer George Martin guided and developed their recordings, greatly expanding the group's popularity in the United Kingdom after their first hit, "Love Me Do", in late 1962.
Compulsive hoarding It can also put the individual and others at risk of fires, falling, poor sanitation, and other health concerns.
Ivy League Seven of the eight schools were founded during the United States colonial period; Cornell was founded in 1865.
Blueberry They are classified in the section Cyanococcus within the genus "Vaccinium."
Economy car Typical economy cars are small (compact or subcompact), lightweight, and inexpensive to buy.
Photography Photography is the science, art, application and practice of creating durable images by recording light or other electromagnetic radiation, either electronically by means of an image sensor, or chemically by means of a light-sensitive material such as photographic film.
Prince (musician) His 1979 album "Prince" went platinum, and his next three records‚Äî"Dirty Mind" (1980), "Controversy" (1981), and "1999" (1982)‚Äîcontinued his success, showcasing Prince's prominently sexual lyrics and blending of funk, dance, and rock music.
Genius Because the achievements of exceptional individuals seemed to indicate the presence of a particularly powerful "genius", by the time of Augustus, the word began to acquire its secondary meaning of "inspiration, talent".
YouTube Google bought the site in November 2006 for US$1.65 billion; YouTube now operates as one of Google's subsidiaries.
Radiology A variety of imaging techniques such as X-ray radiography, ultrasound, computed tomography (CT), nuclear medicine including positron emission tomography (PET), and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) are used to diagnose and/or treat diseases.
Swimming As a result, swimming is ‚Äúlow-impact‚Äù compared to land activities such as running.
Husky Huskies are also today kept as pets, and groups work to find new pet homes for retired racing and adventure trekking dogs.
Master of Puppets It was released on March 3, 1986 by Elektra Records.
Cruise ship Ocean liners also usually have larger capacities for fuel, food, and other stores for consumption on long voyages, compared to dedicated cruise ships, but they no longer exist with the exception of some preserved liners and "Queen Mary 2" when on scheduled North Atlantic voyages.
Budweiser Budweiser () is an American-style pale lager produced by Anheuser-Busch, currently part of the transnational corporation Anheuser-Busch InBev.
University of Chicago Beyond the arts and sciences, Chicago is also well known for its professional schools, which include the Pritzker School of Medicine, the Booth School of Business, the Law School, the School of Social Service Administration, the Harris School of Public Policy Studies, the Divinity School and the Graham School of Continuing Liberal and Professional Studies.
Coors Brewing Company The Coors Brewing Company is a regional division of the world's third-largest brewing company, the Molson Coors Brewing Company.
Crossbreed A crossbreed is an organism with purebred parents of two different breeds, varieties, or populations.
Coco Chanel She was the founder and namesake of the Chanel brand.
Purple It is similar to violet, but unlike violet, which is a spectral color with its own wavelength on the visible spectrum of light, purple is a composite color made by combining red and blue.
Betta Bettas are anabantoids, which means they can breathe atmospheric air using a unique organ called the labyrinth.
Yoga The origins of yoga have been speculated to date back to pre-Vedic Indian traditions; it is mentioned in the Rigveda, but most likely developed around the sixth and fifth centuries BCE, in ancient India's ascetic and ≈õrama·πáa movements.
Pizza delivery Online ordering is available in many countries, where some pizza chains offer online menus and ordering.
Orc An orc (also spelled as ork) is a fictional humanoid creature that is part of a fantasy race akin to goblins.
Gossip Indirect reciprocity is a social interaction in which one actor helps another and is then benefited by a third party.
Horse training Historically, horses were trained for warfare, farm work, sport and transport.
Seattle The Seattle area was previously inhabited by Native Americans for at least 4,000 years before the first permanent European settlers.
Coco Chanel Chanel designed her iconic interlocked-CC monogram, meaning Coco Chanel, using it since the 1920s.
Dog The dog was the first species to be domesticated and has been selectively bred over millennia for various behaviors, sensory capabilities, and physical attributes.
Parenting Parenting refers to the intricacies of raising a child aside from the biological relationship.
Parachuting The military developed parachuting technology as a way to save aircrews from emergencies aboard balloons and aircraft in flight, and later as a way of delivering soldiers to the battlefield.
Beard It is a vestigial trait from a time when humans had hair on their face and entire body like the hair on gorillas.
Science fiction film Science fiction film (or sci-fi film) is a genre that uses speculative, fictional science-based depictions of phenomena that are not fully accepted by mainstream science, such as extraterrestrial lifeforms, alien worlds, extrasensory perception and time travel, along with futuristic elements such as spacecraft, robots, cyborgs, interstellar travel or other technologies.
Chicago Bulls The Bulls compete in the National Basketball Association (NBA) as a member of the league's Eastern Conference Central Division.
Grilling In the United States, when the heat source for grilling comes from above, grilling is called broiling.
Corn dog Carl and Neil Fletcher lay such a claim, having introduced their "Corny Dogs" at the Texas State Fair sometime between 1938 and 1942.
Psychotherapy Psychotherapy is the use of psychological methods, particularly when based on regular personal interaction, to help a person change and overcome problems in desired ways.
Pizza cheese Pizza cheese encompasses several varieties and types of cheeses and dairy products that are designed and manufactured for use specifically on pizza.
Rudolf Nureyev Named Lord of the Dance, Nureyev is regarded as one of ballet's most gifted male dancers.
National Football League The NFL agreed to merge with the American Football League (AFL) in 1966, and the first Super Bowl was held at the end of that season; the merger was completed in 1970.
Country music Country music often consists of ballads and dance tunes with generally simple forms, folk lyric and harmonies accompanied by mostly string instruments such as banjos, electric and acoustic guitars, steel guitars (such as pedal steels and dobros), and fiddles as well as harmonicas.
Guelph The area ‚Äì much of what became Wellington County ‚Äì had been part of the Halton Block, a Crown Reserve for the Six Nations Iroquois.
Planet Money The podcast launched on September 6, 2008 to cover the global financial crisis of 2008‚Äì2009 in the wake of the Federal takeover of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.
Health effects of tobacco Tobacco use has predominantly negative effects on human health and concern about health effects of tobacco has a long history.
Las Vegas Today, Las Vegas annually ranks as one of the world's most visited tourist destinations.
Automotive industry The automotive industry began in the 1890s with hundreds of manufacturers that pioneered the horseless carriage.
Blue It lies between violet and green on the spectrum of visible light.
Comic book The first modern comic book, "Famous Funnies", was released in the United States in 1933 and was a reprinting of earlier newspaper humor comic strips, which had established many of the story-telling devices used in comics.
Dog New research seems to show that dogs have mutations to equivalent genetic regions in humans where changes are known to trigger high sociability and somewhat reduced intelligence.
Granny Smith They go from being completely green to turning yellow when overripe.
Tea There are many different types of tea; some, like Darjeeling and Chinese greens, have a cooling, slightly bitter, and astringent flavour, while others have vastly different profiles that include sweet, nutty, floral or grassy notes.
Pet Popular pets are often noted for their attractive appearances and their loyal or playful personalities.
Blue Ridge Parkway The parkway has been the most visited unit of the National Park System every year since 1946 except three (1949, 2013, and 2016).
Blue The eye perceives blue when observing light with a dominant wavelength between approximately 450 and 495 nanometres.
Nightclub Some nightclub bouncers do not admit people with ripped jeans or other informal clothing or gang apparel as part of a dress code.
Planet Smoothie Planet Smoothie is the third largest American chain of smoothie stores serving smoothies.
Sports in Philadelphia Philadelphia sports fans are considered to be some of the most knowledgeable fans in sports, and are known for their extreme passion for all of their teams.
Snapple Snapple was founded by Leonard Marsh, Hyman Golden, and Arnold Greenberg in 1972 in Valley Stream, Long Island, New York.
Truck driver Truck drivers are also responsible for inspecting all their vehicles for mechanical items or issues relating to safe operation.
The Beatles The Beatles were an English rock band formed in Liverpool in 1960.
Drum kit Also, both hybrid (mixing acoustic instruments and electronic drums) and entirely electronic kits are used.
Team sport A team sport includes any sport which involves two or more players working together towards a shared objective.
Netflix In 2013, Netflix expanded into film and television production as well as online distribution.
Divorce Divorce laws vary considerably around the world, but in most countries divorce requires the sanction of a court or other authority in a legal process, which may involve issues of alimony (spousal support), child custody, child visitation / access, parenting time, child support, distribution of property, and division of debt.
Fruit picking Many have petting zoos, restaurants and country shops that sell related products such as home-made jams and jellies.
Depression (mood) Other symptoms expressed may include senses of guilt, irritability, or anger.
Country music According to Lindsey Starnes, the term "country music" gained popularity in the 1940s in preference to the earlier term "hillbilly music"; it came to encompass Western music, which evolved parallel to hillbilly music from similar roots, in the mid-20th century.
Lizard Lizards are a widespread group of squamate reptiles, with over 6,000 species, ranging across all continents except Antarctica, as well as most oceanic island chains.
The Simpsons Groening created a dysfunctional family and named the characters after members of his own family, substituting Bart for his own name.
Immigration to the United States It has been a major source of population growth and cultural change throughout much of the history of the United States.
Slacker The term was also used during the World War II period in the United States.
Track and field In these, athletes participate in a combination of track and field events.
Reality television It differs from documentary television in that the focus tends to be on drama, personal conflict, and entertainment rather than educating viewers.
Potato The potato is a starchy, tuberous crop from the perennial nightshade Solanum tuberosum.
Lesbian A lesbian is a homosexual woman who is romantically or sexually attracted to other women.
Swimming As a result, swimming is ‚Äúlow-impact‚Äù compared to land activities such as running.
Madonna (entertainer) Madonna Louise Ciccone (; born August 16, 1958) is an American singer, songwriter, actress, and businesswoman.
Yoga as exercise The foundational text for yoga is the "Yoga Sutras of Patanjali".
Pride and Prejudice The novel revolves around the importance of marrying for love, not simply for money, despite the social pressures to make a good (i.e.
Burger King products When the predecessor of international fast food restaurant chain Burger King (BK) first opened in 1953, its menu predominantly consisted of hamburgers, French fries, soft drinks, milkshakes, and desserts.
New York City Situated on one of the world's largest natural harbors, New York City consists of five boroughs, each of which is a separate county of New York State.
Science, technology, engineering, and mathematics It has implications for workforce development, national security concerns and immigration policy.
Dr Pepper The drink was created in the 1880s by pharmacist Charles Alderton in Waco, Texas and first served around 1885.
Daft Punk They are also known for their visual stylization and disguises associated with their music; the duo have worn ornate helmets and gloves to assume robot personas in most of their public appearances since 2001 and rarely grant interviews or appear on television.
Ford Mustang (first generation) The introduction of the Mustang created a new class of automobile known as the pony car.
Drawing It is one of the simplest and most efficient means of communicating visual ideas.
Honda Accord Since initiation, Honda has offered several different car body styles and versions of the Accord, and often vehicles marketed under the Accord nameplate concurrently in different regions differ quite substantially.
Coco Chanel She was the founder and namesake of the Chanel brand.
Vegetarianism Such ethical motivations have been codified under various religious beliefs, as well as animal rights advocacy.
Denmark Denmark and Norway remained under the same monarch until outside forces dissolved the union in 1814.
Computer-aided design Computer-aided design (CAD) is the use of computer systems (or ) to aid in the creation, modification, analysis, or optimization of a design.
Ford Mustang The Mustang has undergone several transformations to its current sixth generation.
Country music According to Lindsey Starnes, the term "country music" gained popularity in the 1940s in preference to the earlier term "hillbilly music"; it came to encompass Western music, which evolved parallel to hillbilly music from similar roots, in the mid-20th century.
Santa Fe, New Mexico The city's full name as founded remains La Villa Real de la Santa Fe de San Francisco de As√≠s ("The Royal City of the Holy Faith of Saint Francis of Assisi").
Meditation Meditation may be used to reduce stress, anxiety, depression, and pain.
Netflix It specializes in and provides streaming media and video-on-demand online and DVD by mail.
Vermont The state capital is Montpelier, the least populous state capital in the United States.
Novel Ian Watt, in "The Rise of the Novel", suggested in 1957 that the novel first came into being in the early 18th century.
Yellow Because it was widely available, yellow ochre pigment was one of the first colors used in art; the Lascaux cave in France has a painting of a yellow horse 17,000 years old.
The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon The show also stars sidekick and announcer Steve Higgins and house band The Roots.
Dance Dance can be categorized and described by its choreography, by its repertoire of movements, or by its historical period or place of origin.
Italian cuisine It has developed through centuries of social and economic changes, with roots stretching to antiquity.
Pancake American pancakes are similar to Scotch pancakes or drop scones.
White Christmas (weather) The Irving Berlin song, "White Christmas", sung by Bing Crosby from the film "Holiday Inn", is the best-selling single of all time and speaks nostalgically of a traditional white Christmas.
Auto mechanic Basic vehicle maintenance is a fundamental part of a mechanic's work in modern industrialized countries while in others they are only consulted when a vehicle is already showing signs of malfunction.
Ellen Pompeo She made her screen debut with NBC's legal drama "Law & Order", and then guest-starred in other television shows, including the comedy "Strangers with Candy", the medical drama "Strong Medicine" and "Friends".
Bulldog There are generally thick folds of skin on the brow; round, black, wide-set eyes; a short muzzle with characteristic folds called a rope or nose roll above the nose; hanging skin under the neck; drooping lips and pointed teeth, and an underbite with an upturned jaw.
Snowboarding And, in 1966 alone over half a million snurfers were sold.
Pot washing The classic and ‚Äúold‚Äù process for cleaning pots and pans is the manual hand-washing method.
Nicholas Sparks Sparks was born in Omaha, Nebraska and wrote his first novel, "The Passing", in 1985, while a student at the University of Notre Dame.
Mercedes-Benz S-Class All models built in Mexico or sold in the United States are only available in long wheelbase.
Beard It is a vestigial trait from a time when humans had hair on their face and entire body like the hair on gorillas.
OK Computer Other than the song "Lucky", which was recorded in 1995, Radiohead recorded the album in Oxfordshire and Bath between 1996 and early 1997, mostly in the historic mansion St Catherine's Court.
Toyota Toyota Motor Corporation produces vehicles under five brands, including the Toyota brand, Hino, Lexus, Ranz, and Daihatsu.
Go-kart Gravity racers, usually referred to as Soap Box Derby carts, are the simplest type of go-karts.
Wooden roller coaster A wooden roller coaster is most often classified as a roller coaster with running rails made of flattened steel strips mounted on laminated wooden track.
The Beatles The Beatles were an English rock band formed in Liverpool in 1960.
Classical music Classical music is art music produced or rooted in the traditions of Western culture, including both liturgical (religious) and secular music.
British Comedy Guide British Comedy Guide or BCG (formerly the British Sitcom Guide or BSG) is a British website covering all forms of British comedy, across all media.
Ronald McDonald Ronald McDonald is a clown character used as the primary mascot of the McDonald's fast-food restaurant chain.
The Sports Network The Sports Network (TSN) is a Canadian English language sports specialty service.
Pig farming Pigs have been farmed to dispose of municipal garbage on a large scale.
Librarian The role of a librarian is continually evolving to meet social and technological needs.
Cat There are more than seventy cat breeds recognized by various cat registries.
Reading (process) Reading is a means of language acquisition, communication, and of sharing information and ideas.
Taco A taco can be made with a variety of fillings, including beef, pork, chicken, seafood, vegetables, and cheese, allowing for great versatility and variety.
Motorcycle Motorcycling is riding a motorcycle and related social activity such as joining a motorcycle club and attending motorcycle rallies.
Dallas The city's population ranks ninth in the U.S. and third in Texas after Houston and San Antonio.
Netflix Netflix's initial business model included DVD sales and rental, although Hastings jettisoned DVD sales about a year after Netflix's founding to focus on the DVD rental by mail business.
Marduk (band) Their musical style was that of a straightforward death metal influenced take on black metal music, but as the years progressed their style and imagery became more of a fast and intense form of black metal.
Bank teller Being front line staff they are most likely to detect and stop fraudulent transactions in order to prevent losses at a bank (counterfeit currency and checks, identity theft, confidence tricks, etc.).
Neapolitan pizza It must be made with San Marzano tomatoes, which grow on the volcanic plains to the south of Mount Vesuvius, and Mozzarella di Bufala Campana, a protected designation of origin cheese made with the milk from water buffalo raised in the marshlands of Campania and Lazio in a semi-wild state.
BBC The BBC is established under a Royal Charter and operates under its Agreement with the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport.
Vitamin C There is, however, some evidence that regular use may shorten the length of colds.
Surfing The native peoples of the Pacific, for instance, surfed waves on alaia, paipo, and other such craft, and did so on their belly and knees.
Dance Theatrical dance, also called performance or concert dance, is intended primarily as a spectacle, usually a performance upon a stage by virtuoso dancers.
Kesha Kesha Rose Sebert ( ; born March 1, 1987; formerly stylized as Ke$ha) is an American singer, songwriter, actress and rapper.
The Starry Night The Starry Night is an oil on canvas by the Dutch post-impressionist painter Vincent van Gogh.
Jane Austen Her use of biting irony, along with her realism and social commentary, have earned her acclaim among critics and scholars.
Georgia (U.S. state) Georgia is known as the "Peach State" and the "Empire State of the South".
Hollywood According to the diary of H. J. Whitley, known as the "Father of Hollywood," on his honeymoon in 1886 he stood at the top of the hill looking out over the valley.
Crab trap Crab traps are used to bait, lure, and catch crabs for commercial or recreational use.
Running Running has been described as the world's most accessible sport.
Keio University , abbreviated as or , is a Japanese private university located in Minato, Tokyo.
Mountain Dew The rights to this formula were obtained by the Tip Corporation of Marion, Virginia.
Comic book The first modern comic book, "Famous Funnies", was released in the United States in 1933 and was a reprinting of earlier newspaper humor comic strips, which had established many of the story-telling devices used in comics.
Hamlet "Hamlet" is Shakespeare's longest play, and is considered among the most powerful and influential works of world literature, with a story capable of "seemingly endless retelling and adaptation by others".
Cat Cats, despite being solitary hunters, are a social species and cat communication includes the use of a variety of vocalizations (mewing, purring, trilling, hissing, growling, and grunting), as well as cat pheromones and types of cat-specific body language.
Kentucky Derby The Kentucky Derby presented by Woodford Reserve is a horse race that is held annually in Louisville, Kentucky, United States, on the first Saturday in May, capping the two-week-long Kentucky Derby Festival.
Dog Their long association with humans has led dogs to be uniquely attuned to human behavior and they are able to thrive on a starch-rich diet that would be inadequate for other canid species.
Reality television It differs from documentary television in that the focus tends to be on drama, personal conflict, and entertainment rather than educating viewers.
Piano The first fortepianos in the 1700s had a quieter sound and smaller dynamic range.
Violin It is the smallest and highest-pitched instrument in the family in regular use.
Elementary school (Scotland) leave nursery age 4 and start primary school for the next 7 years which would be primary 1 (age 4 to 5) and so on until primary 7 which would be the last year at primary school at age (10 to 11) then after that off to high school at age 11 to 12
The New York Times Founded in 1851, the paper has won 122 Pulitzer Prizes, more than any other newspaper.
Roller coaster Most roller coasters have multiple cars in which passengers sit and are restrained.
Tennis The object of the game is to play the ball in such a way that the opponent is not able to play a valid return.
Fashion design Their specific designs are used by manufacturers.
Rapping Rap differs from spoken-word poetry in that rap is usually performed in time to an instrumental track.
History of the Communist Party USA Communists played critical roles in the earliest struggles to organize American workers into unions, as well as the later civil rights movements and anti-war movements.
Whittling Whittling may refer either to the art of carving shapes out of raw wood using a knife or a time-occupying, non-artistic(contrast wood carving for artistic process) process of repeatedly shaving slivers from a piece of wood.
Snapple The company (and brand), which was originally known as Unadulterated Food Products, was founded in 1972.
Brewery Brewing was initially a cottage industry, with production taking place at home; by the ninth century monasteries and farms would produce beer on a larger scale, selling the excess; and by the eleventh and twelfth centuries larger, dedicated breweries with eight to ten workers were being built.
McDonald's McDonald's is the world's largest restaurant chain by revenue, serving over 69 million customers daily in over 100 countries across approximately 36,900 outlets as of 2016.
Zebra They occur in a variety of habitats, such as grasslands, savannas, woodlands, thorny scrublands, mountains, and coastal hills.
Lizard Lizards range in size from chameleons and geckos a few centimeters long to the 3 meter long Komodo dragon.
Dental braces They are often used to correct underbites, as well as malocclusions, overbites, open bites, deep bites, cross bites, crooked teeth, and various other flaws of the teeth and jaw.
Divorce Reasons for divorce vary, from sexual incompatibility or lack of independence for one or both spouses to a personality clash.
Italian cuisine Pasta, vegetables, olive oil and fish are a major part of the Italian cuisine.
Austin, Texas It is the 11th-most populous city in the United States and the 4th-most populous city in Texas.
Aquarium The aquarium craze was launched in early Victorian England by Gosse, who created and stocked the first public aquarium at the London Zoo in 1853, and published the first manual, "The Aquarium: An Unveiling of the Wonders of the Deep Sea" in 1854.
Rick and Morty The series has received universal acclaim for its originality, creativity, and humor.
Fair Stagshaw in England, is documented to have held annual fairs as early as 1293 consisting of the sales of animals.
Seattle The Seattle area was previously inhabited by Native Americans for at least 4,000 years before the first permanent European settlers.
Aquarium Fishkeepers use aquaria to keep fish, invertebrates, amphibians, aquatic reptiles such as turtles, and aquatic plants.
Assembly line Assembly lines are common methods of assembling complex items such as automobiles and other transportation equipment, household appliances and electronic goods.
Christmas The traditional Christmas narrative, the Nativity of Jesus, delineated in the New Testament says that Jesus was born in Bethlehem, in accordance with messianic prophecies.
Surfing The term "surfing" refers to the act of riding a wave, regardless of whether the wave is ridden with a board or without a board, and regardless of the stance used.
Duramax V8 engine Initially GM denied it was a problem, but after being sued by a consumer group, GM relented and included overheating and blown head gaskets as a warranted item.
Meningitis Meningitis is an acute inflammation of the protective membranes covering the brain and spinal cord, known collectively as the meninges.
Jim Carrey In the 2000s, he gained further popularity for his portrayal of the Grinch in "How the Grinch Stole Christmas" and for the comedy "Me, Myself & Irene" (both in 2000), as well as "Bruce Almighty" (2003), "Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind" (2004) for which he was nominated for the BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role, "Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events" (2004), "Fun with Dick and Jane" (2005), "Yes Man" (2008), "Horton Hears a Who!"
Marker pen A permanent marker consists of a container (glass, aluminum or plastic) and a core of an absorbent material.
Marathon The name "Marathon" comes from the legend of Philippides or Pheidippides, the Greek messenger.
Crystallize (Lindsey Stirling song) "Crystallize" is a song by American violinist Lindsey Stirling from her self-titled studio album, "Lindsey Stirling".
Harry Potter Harry Potter is a series of fantasy novels written by British author J. K. Rowling.
Hospital A teaching hospital combines assistance to people with teaching to medical students and nurses.
Electric guitar An electric guitar is a guitar that uses one or more pickups to convert the vibration of its strings into electrical signals.
The Last of the Mohicans (1992 film) The film stars Daniel Day-Lewis, Madeleine Stowe, and Jodhi May, with Russell Means, Wes Studi, Eric Schweig, and Steven Waddington in supporting roles.
Bank teller Most banks provide on-the-job training.
Adventure Time Finn and Jake live in the post-apocalyptic Land of Ooo, where they interact with Princess Bubblegum (Hynden Walch), the Ice King (Tom Kenny), Marceline the Vampire Queen (Olivia Olson), BMO (Niki Yang), and others.
My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic fandom Under Hasbro's guidance, Faust developed the show to appeal to the target demographic of young girls and their parents, but created characters and settings that challenged formerly stereotypical norms of "girly" images, and added adventure and humorous elements to keep parents interested.
Plasterwork Plasterwork refers to construction or ornamentation done with plaster, such as a layer of plaster on an interior or exterior wall structure, or plaster decorative moldings on ceilings or walls.
Dance It often tells a story, perhaps using mime, costume and scenery, or else it may simply interpret the musical accompaniment, which is often specially composed.
South Asia The current territories of Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Bhutan, Maldives, Nepal, India, Pakistan, and Sri Lanka form South Asia.
Piano The first fortepianos in the 1700s had a quieter sound and smaller dynamic range.
Ageing In the broader sense, ageing can refer to single cells within an organism which have ceased dividing (cellular senescence) or to the population of a species (population ageing).
Lactose intolerance Primary lactose intolerance occurs as the amount of lactase declines as people age.
Sunday shopping Rules governing shopping hours, such as Sunday shopping, vary around the world but some countries and subnational jurisdictions continue to ban or restrict Sunday shopping.
Adoption Historically, some societies have enacted specific laws governing adoption; where others have tried to achieve adoption through less formal means, notably via contracts that specified inheritance rights and parental responsibilities without an accompanying transfer of filiation.
Finance Finance can also be defined as the science of money management.
Pita The first known mention of the word in English was in 1936.
Peanut It is classified as both a grain legume and, because of its high oil content, an oil crop.
Metropolitan area As social, economic and political institutions have changed, metropolitan areas have become key economic and political regions.
Motivation Motivation is the reason for people's actions, desires, and needs.
New York City A global power city, New York City has been described as the cultural, financial, and media capital of the world, and exerts a significant impact upon commerce, entertainment, research, technology, education, politics, and sports.
Advertising campaign The campaign theme is the central message that will be received in the promotional activities and is the prime focus of advertising campaign as it sets the motif for the series of multifarious individual advertisements and other marketing communications that will be used.
Public housing The origins of municipal housing lie in the dramatic urban population increase caused by the Industrial Revolution of the 19th century.
Pita It is used in many Mediterranean, Balkan, and Middle Eastern cuisines, and resembles other slightly leavened flatbreads such as Iranian "nan-e barbari", Central and South Asian flatbreads (such as "naan"), and pizza crust.
Santa Fe, New Mexico The city of Santa Fe, founded by Spanish colonists in 1610, is the oldest city in the state and the oldest state capital city in the United States.
Skateboarding A 2009 report found that the skateboarding market is worth an estimated $4.8 billion in annual revenue with 11.08 million active skateboarders in the world.
Crochet (Variant forms such as Tunisian crochet and broomstick lace keep multiple crochet stitches open at a time.)
Indian cuisine For instance, potato, a staple of the diet in some regions of India, was brought to India by the Portuguese, who also introduced chillies and breadfruit.
React (JavaScript library) He was influenced by XHP, an HTML component framework for PHP.
Appalachian Trail The Appalachian Trail Conservancy claims that the Appalachian Trail is the longest hiking-only trail in the world.
Tomato The Spanish discovered the tomato from their contact with the Aztec peoples during the Spanish colonization of the Americas, then brought it to Europe, and, from there, to other parts of the European colonized world during the 16th century.
Portland, Maine The city seal depicts a phoenix rising from ashes, which is a reference to the recoveries from four devastating fires.
Donald Trump According to "Forbes" magazine, he was the world's 544th richest person , with an estimated net worth of $3.5 billion.
Fly fishing Fly fishing is an angling method in which an artificial "fly" is used to catch fish.
Gone with the Wind (film) Set in the American South against the backdrop of the American Civil War and the Reconstruction era, the film tells the story of Scarlett O'Hara, the strong-willed daughter of a Georgia plantation owner, from her romantic pursuit of Ashley Wilkes, who is married to his cousin, Melanie Hamilton, to her marriage to Rhett Butler.
Cat They are often valued by humans for companionship and for their ability to hunt vermin.
Bitcoin As of February 2015, over 100,000 merchants and vendors accepted bitcoin as payment.
Kobe beef These were the four wagy≈´ breeds, the Japanese Black, the Japanese Brown, the Japanese Polled and the Japanese Shorthorn.
Skunk The animals are known for their ability to spray a liquid with a strong unpleasant smell.
Individuals with Disabilities Education Act The Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA) is a four-part (A-D) piece of American legislation that ensures students with a disability are provided with Free Appropriate Public Education (FAPE) that is tailored to their individual needs.
BMW In 2015, BMW was the world's twelfth largest producer of motor vehicles, with 2,279,503 vehicles produced.
Fantasy football (American) Points are based on the actual performances of the players in real-world competition.
Veracruz (city) The city is located along the coast in the central part of the state, southeast of the state capital Xalapa along Federal Highway 140.
New York-style pizza The crust is thick and crisp only along its edge, yet soft, thin and pliable enough beneath its toppings to be folded in half to eat.
Led Zeppelin Their style drew from a wide variety of influences, including blues, psychedelia, and folk music.
Cut of beef "Cut" often refers narrowly to skeletal muscle (sometimes attached to bones), but can also include other edible flesh, such as offal (organ meat) or bones without significant muscles attached.
Agriculture Agriculture is the cultivation and breeding of animals, plants and fungi for food, fiber, biofuel, medicinal plants and other products used to sustain and enhance life.
Attachment theory However, "attachment theory is not formulated as a general theory of relationships.
Siberian Husky The breed belongs to the Spitz genetic family.
Crab Crabs are generally covered with a thick exoskeleton, composed primarily of highly mineralized chitin, and armed with a single pair of chelae (claws).
Gibson Les Paul The Les Paul was designed by Gibson president Ted McCarty, factory manager John Huis and their team, along with guitarist/inventor Les Paul.
Education Education can take place in formal or informal settings and any experience that has a formative effect on the way one thinks, feels, or acts may be considered educational.
Miami In 2008, "Forbes" magazine ranked Miami "America's Cleanest City", for its year-round good air quality, vast green spaces, clean drinking water, clean streets, and citywide recycling programs.
Pit bull Despite dog fighting now being illegal in the United States, it still exists as an underground activity, and pit bulls are a common breed of choice.
