No Democratic campaign for (Fla.) governor has ever had these kinds of resources this early on in an election cycle.
Says Ron Paul insisted FEMA should be shut down.
Says Hillary Clinton has "been in office and in government longer than anybody else running here tonight."
In 1916, the U.S. government predicted that by the 1940s all paper would come from hemp and that no more trees would need to be cut down.
On privatization of Social Security.
Current projections indicate that Medicare will go bankrupt by 2017, while Social Security will bottom out by 2037.
Says the United States is in "the worst recovery from an economic recession since World War II."
Van Jones "is an avowed, self-avowed radical revolutionary communist."
Bill McCollum said tax cuts don't work.
Says Gov. Scott Walker cut aid to local schools despite campaigning on trying to restore two-thirds state funding for education
Says New Hampshire had the fourth-lowest unemployment rate in the country during Maggie Hassan's time in the state Senate.
Says Bernie Sanders' health care plan would "empower Republican governors to take away Medicaid, to take away health insurance for low-income and middle-income working Americans."
Withheld union dues fund half of Dem (Democratic) campaigns in Florida.
Rhode Island has the highest percentage of uninsured adults of any state in New England.
Do you know what the second sport with the most concussions is? Women's soccer… And the third most dangerous sport? Cheerleading.
Says Doug Jones "is for full-term abortion."
For the first time in history, Wisconsin has more government jobs than manufacturing jobs.
Fifteen years ago, you couldn't even get a pizza delivered in that neighborhood.
In an average grocery store, roughly 75 percent of processed foods contain genetically modified organisms, or GMOs.
We actually made history in 2010. We came the closest in 24 years to defeating Frank Pallone.
Obama admin gutted @ProjChildSafe budget to provide trigger locks and safety kits.
Says Donald Trump's proposed tax treatment of hedge fund managers "makes the current loophole even worse."
More than one-quarter of America's young adults are too fat to serve in the U.S. military
Says Marco Rubio said "we should be considering internment" of Muslims, and "maybe we should close down cafes and diners where Muslims gather and in fact compared them to the Nazi party."
Arizona is spending "less on a per-capita basis than every single state in this country in higher education."
Candidates for governor routinely disclose their spouses' tax returns.
Says Gerald Daugherty is endorsed by the Austin American-Statesman.
Says Mark Pocan's proposal to eliminate the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) would "eliminate border enforcement."
One out of 10 minimum-wage workers in the U.S. live in Texas.
Governor Scott Cut Taxes 40 Times For Florida Families
Says Donald Trump "wants to kick thousands of kids off of BadgerCare."
Every single one of the 41 Republican senators who just blocked a raise in the minimum wage will receive a $2,800 cost-of-living adjustment on January 1, 2015.
Says the Dickey Amendment "prevents the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention from even researching the relationship between gun violence and public health. ... The government can't study gun violence but is spending $400,000 analyzing the effects of Swedish massages on rabbits."
Bump stocks are already illegal in the state of New York. You can't buy one.
In Sauk City, Wisconsin, "the ID office" that provides identification for voting "is only open on the fifth Wednesday of every month" -- a total of four days in 2016.
I believe we should have tax on carbon and deal aggressively with climate change. That is not (Hillary Clinton's) position.
There are actually half a million fewer government employees now than there were when (President Barack) Obama took office.
On military recruiters at Harvard, Elena Kagan "took a position and the Supreme Court ruled unanimously that she was wrong."
Eighty-three law enforcement officers have died in the line of duty this year. Twenty-four of them were shot and killed in cold blood.
Every time [the people from Newport Tent] work in a city or town they have a whole different set of permits that they have to get in order to pitch a tent.
We created as many jobs in the first six months of this year as we did in all of 2011 and 2011 was the best single year for private-sector job growth since the year 2000.
Washington has incentivized the militarization of local police precincts.
We were not, I repeat, were not told that waterboarding or any of these other enhanced interrogation methods were used.
Says a federal judge in San Antonio "issued a ruling that … not only could the students not pray at their graduation, if they used the word ‘benediction,' the word ‘invocation,' the word ‘God,' asked the audience to stand or asked for a moment of silence, he would put the superintendent in jail."
Sixty-two percent of all (Texas) property taxes are paid by businesses.
If you are a gun store owner and you decide to go out of business … you right now are allowed to convert your entire gun store inventory to ‘personal use' and once it is a personal use weapon, you can sell it without background checks.
Lean, finely textured beef is the proper name [not pink slime], and it is a safe, widely used product.
A single mother of two can't qualify for basic healthcare through Medicaid if she makes more than $3,504 dollars a year.
Says "Hillary Clinton's plan would bring in 620,000 refugees in her first term, alone, with no effective way to screen or vet them. Her plan would cost $400 billion in terms of lifetime welfare and entitlement costs."
First, Donald Trump said wages are too high, and both Donald Trump and Mike Pence think we ought to eliminate the federal minimum wage.
Natalyn Archibong skipped (Atlanta) City Council meetings or was late 90% of the time. Then she voted herself a pay raise.
Says North Carolinians are "already paying for" Medicaid expansion, even though the state hasn't expanded Medicaid.
Says a gun bill before the Senate would make it a federal felony to "leave town for more than seven days, and leave someone else at home with your firearms."
The nonpartisan CBO, Congressional Budget Office, has said that the No. 1 policy decision that brought us to the need to prevent the nation from defaulting on our debt for the first time in history were the Bush tax cuts in 2001 and 2003.
For 21 countries in Sub-Saharan Africa, "we simply do not have data to say anything about trends in poverty."
In 2009, we cut state spending in real terms for the first time in 150 years.
Fox News accidentally puts up a poll graphic that shows how they are the least trusted network.
The average student comes out of college hundreds of thousands of dollars in debt.
Gov. Roy Cooper has "filed nearly one lawsuit a month, with every single one of them an attempt to extend his own power."
PolitiFact Texas says "Congressman Edwards' attacks on Bill Flores are false."
St. Pete Beach's experiences are a "fair example" of what could happen if Amendment 4 passes.
More than 70 percent of American adults have committed a crime that could lead to imprisonment.
The Arab and the Muslim nations get twice as much money as Israel.
Justice Kennedy quit because he and his son helped Trump launder illegal Russian money through Deutsche Bank.
Says "at the state level we're spending more on tax expenditures than we are on public safety, health care and education combined."
When did the decline of coal start? It started when natural gas took off … that started to begin in (President George W.) Bush's administration.
The largest low-wage employer "is not McDonalds or Walmart but the U.S. government."
Says he "led the effort to build a new (University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee) engineering campus in Wauwatosa."
Says Rep. Bruce Braley, D-Iowa, "skipped an important VA reform hearing to attend three fundraisers."
Two Iraqis came here to this country, were radicalized and they were the masterminds behind the Bowling Green massacre. … It didn't get covered
If you look at the states where soccer is most popular, they're overwhelmingly blue states, and the states where soccer is least popular are red states.
Says Charlie Crist "is embroiled in a fraud case for steering taxpayer money to a de facto Ponzi scheme."
The economic "turnaround started at the end of my term."
McCain voted 19 times against a minimum-wage increase.
The seed of Muslim is passed through the father.
Says that according to one economist, $1 of unemployment benefits boosts the economy by $1.61.
Says if Texas abortion measure passes, "someone living in El Paso would have to drive 550 miles each way to San Antonio for something as simple as cervical cancer screening."
We have the fewest people employed in this country since 1979.
Claims Joe Biden said "coal is more dangerous than terrorists."
Sotomayor thinks "that one's sex, race and ethnicity ought to affect the decisions one renders from the bench."
President Barack Obama's "initial response when we heard about the Christmas underwear bomber" was to say that "this was the act of an isolated extremist."
Says Barack Obama "put in place a board that can tell people ultimately what treatments they're going to receive."
Palin had "executive experience" in the PTA.
Mitt Romney previously believed "that abortion should be safe and legal in this country." Now he is "prolife."
In Missouri, there are still (FEMA) cases pending from floods that occurred in 2013.
Buono voted 154 times to raise our taxes -- like the sales tax, the income tax, health care taxes, even small business taxes.
When I was growing up as a kid in the city of Milwaukee, if we averaged 4 homicides a year in the entire city that was a record number.
Roy Barnes "made Georgia dead last in education" and Georgia "led the nation in job losses."
A New York man has allegedly infected 240 people with the HIV virus by sleeping with men and women.
In 2006, Arizona had four ballot issues that were "very tough on illegal immigration... Forty-seven percent of the Hispanics in Arizona voted for them."
Says Texas Department of Public Safety numbers show that 1.6 percent of crime is committed by unauthorized immigrants.
Zephyr Teachout says she is against Super PACs despite taking money from Super PAC donors
It is more difficult to obtain a Costco membership than it is to get a NYC Municipal ID
Twelve judges have thrown out legal challenges to the health care law because they rejected "the notion that the health care law was unconstitutional."
According to a recent Congressional Budget Office report, under Obamacare, 7 million people will lose their employer-sponsored insurance.
The state has "less employees this year than we did last year."
Every "major newspaper in Texas calls" David Dewhurst "a moderate."
There's a mosque inside of the Pentagon.
Gov. Rick Scott "is trying to get a waiver under the federal health care law that would deny consumers in Florida the right to the $60 million in rebates they have from their own HMOs."
Protesters in La Crosse blocked an exit and surrounded a State Patrol car carrying the governor and were "beating on the windows and rocking the vehicle." When the car was "extricated" from the crowd, a truck blocked a second exit.
Texas leads the country in animal deaths by sodium cyanide M-44s.
Compact fluorescent light bulbs are "toxic" and "not environmentally friendly."
The party in the White House is responsible for "a massive tax increase on the middle class."
On U.S.-Israeli relations, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu "set the record straight — he said, our two countries have 'exactly the same policy' (and) 'our security cooperation is unprecedented.'"
The Department of Health and Human Services is providing $160 million to the state of Pennsylvania to set up a new high-risk insurance pool program that would cover any abortion legal in the state.
The Obama White House recognizes a "baby that has not been born" for security purposes.
If you are driving on average in America this summer, you'll save — according to Department of Energy figures — about $70.
Says "a Republican hasn't won [an election] for a presidency in New Jersey since 1988."
Says U.S. Rep. Connie Mack IV passed "only one bill" in seven years.
On Donald Trump's plan to cut federal funding to sanctuary cities, "because of a decision by the Supreme Court, no president's in a position to cut off funding across the board. It has to be very specific to the matter at hand."
Milwaukee police use deadly force at a rate that is "among the lowest" in the country.
Says that under his tax plan, "no matter where you are in the stratosphere, you're going to be getting a tax cut."
Salaries for URI faculty are second to last among New England land grant universities and in lowest 20 percent of major U.S. research institutions
The Benghazi probe is "the longest-running congressional investigation ever."
It's "not true" that since he's been the president, executions in Iran have increased by four times.
(Fritz) Kaegi managed a fund that invested nearly $30 million in private prisons.
During my tenure as governor, Wisconsin's overall tax burden went DOWN.
In 2012, "Wall Street" gave Scott Brown "more campaign contributions than any other candidate -- $5.3 million."
Says Jeanne Shaheen "voted for a measure that would have amounted to a new national energy tax."
Untaxed corporate earnings used to be "$2.5 trillion … I guess it's $5 trillion now. Whatever it is, it's a lot more. So we have anywhere from 4 (trillion) to 5 or even more trillions of dollars sitting offshore."
The Chris Hani Baragwanath in South Africa is "the world's third-biggest hospital."
I'm the first Democrat to ever lead Scott Walker in an election year.
There's a 1.5 percent to 2 percent overhead in Medicare. The insurance companies have a 20 percent to 30 percent overhead.
Millennials "will be 75 percent of the workforce in the next 10 years."
Sixteen thousand new Internal Revenue Service agents will be "empowered to enforce" the new health care legislation.
Obama said troops "whine about bearing the costs" of going to war.
In Congress, (Cresent Hardy) voted to defund DACA.
Allowing all Bush income tax cuts to expire on Dec. 31 "will amount to the largest tax increase in the history of America."
North Carolina has "the strictest anti-gerrymandering standards in the entire country."
I've been involved in prosecuting a terrorist member of ISIS.
150,000 (oil spill) claims have been filed by Floridians, but only 40 percent of them have been paid.
Rob Portman has taken more than $125,000 from "Big Oil."
Says he would have "almost twice the actual experience practicing law" Greg Abbott did on becoming attorney general of Texas.
Nobody dies because they don't have access to health care.
When the law stopped Tony Evers from revoking a teacher's license for viewing pornography, Tony worked with lawmakers from both parties to change the law so offenders could be kicked out of the classroom.
One out of four corporations doesn't pay a nickel in (federal income) taxes.
Anywhere in the world, when someone uses a mobile phone, e-mail, the Internet or GPS, they are enjoying the benefits of the American miracle.
More "25- to 34-year-olds are moving to Austin than any other city in America."
There is majority support for the Democrats' health care plans.
First, he said he would leave residual forces in Iraq, and now he says he wouldn't.
On average, Americans spend less than 10 percent of their disposable income on food. Compare that to folks in Mexico, who spend 22 percent, China, 28 percent and Russia, 37 percent.
Said that his batting average with Congress is higher than every other president since Dwight D. Eisenhower except Lyndon Johnson.
Says Scott Walker enacted "the biggest cuts to education in our state's history."
It's been 14 years since a president or a vice president or a member of their family has not gone and attended at least an event at the Olympics.
GEORGIA ROADWAY FATALITIES THIS YEAR: 59 PLEASE DRIVE SAFELY
I supported the surge when you didn't.
By some estimates, as few as 2 percent of the 50,000 (Central American) children who have crossed the border illegally this year have been sent home.
The [Obama] administration's regulatory assault on coal-fired energy has put thousands of Americans out of work
We have laws on the books where people can walk right up to our ports of entry, say ‘I have a credible fear of persecution,' and we bring them in. We don't send them back.
Today, 27 million people .. are enslaved.
When Mitt Romney was governor, Massachusetts ranked 47th out of 50 states in job creation.
Even with a permanent income tax increase... the budget is more than $1 billion out of balance…
I never favored cap and trade.
Currently, when we ship products out of America, many other countries make us pay very high tariffs and taxes — but when foreign companies ship their products into America, we charge them nothing or almost nothing.
Over the last four years, the deficit has gone up, but 90 percent of that is as a consequence of President George W. Bush's policies and the recession.
Dan Patrick said that if women "get paid less than a man for the same job, that that's not a problem."
Louie Gohmert of Texas "compared the current general-in-charge in Egypt to George Washington."
Under Barack Obama, "the fewest number of adults are working since Jimmy Carter's presidency."
Says the federal stimulus program was ineffective because "the number of jobs has actually decreased by 18,300 through July 2011."
Idaho mother sentenced to prison after multiple citations for breastfeeding in public.
Says Allen West violated federal law by scuba diving with U.S. flag.
The 2009 stimulus bill "failed to get people back to work."
When Susan Rice spoke about Benghazi on Sunday news shows, she said "that al-Qaida might be involved, or other al-Qaida affiliates might be involved, or non-al-Qaida Libyan extremists, which I think demonstrates that there was no effort to play that down."
Says campaign contributions to her rival for a state House seat was money intended for schoolchildren.
There's no rationing in any of these bills.
A North Carolina study proves that "probably over a million people voted twice in (the 2012) election."
John McCain voted against establishing a national holiday in honor of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
Pennsylvania (is) the only state in the country not to tax drillers.
Since 1978, college "tuition nationwide has gone up something like four times the rate of inflation."
Of the roughly 15 percent of Americans who don't have health insurance, "half of them made more than $50,000 a year."
Darryl Hicks had seven ethics violations and didn't pay most of the fines.
Recommendations for a major tax overhaul for Georgia are an "overall tax hike."
We know that tax cuts are remarkably un-stimulative when you compare them with different kinds of government spending.
Austin is the safest big city in Texas.
Says President Barack Obama "has taken less vacation days than any other president in a generation," while Congress "has taken more vacation days than any other Congress in history."
The number of illegal immigrants in the United States is "30 million, it could be 34 million."
Says David Rivera "received a $5,000 campaign contribution from Congressman Spencer Bachus, who is currently under House Ethics investigation for insider trading."
Says New Jersey's job growth in May represents "25 percent of all the jobs created in the country."
Says small businesses "make up 98.9 percent of all businesses in the state and employ nearly half of the state's private sector workforce" and "almost never receive a penny of government money."
We are the most generous in New England and New England is known for its generosity toward its welfare recipients.
This administration is slashing the Navy to pay for more Obamacare.
The city that I was mayor of was 50 percent Latino, and I won with 90 percent of the vote...
Says Merrick Garland "authored an opinion that resulted in the release of 17 Guantanamo Bay prisoners who were part of a group of violent Islamist extremists the State Department had designated as terrorists."
Congress, criminals, Scientologists and other groups are exempt from Obamacare.
Fireworks have never been safer, and their use continues to increase each year.
The top 1 percent (of income earners) paid 36.7 percent (of the taxes). ... The top 50 percent pay 97.7 percent.
Says opponent Kathie Tovo "believes that Austin invests too much in the cops, firefighters and paramedics that protect our families and neighborhoods."
The head of the FBI has told Congress they cannot vet those (Syrian) refugees.
Says he "made St. Petersburg the state's best maintained large sewer system in 2007."
On being on stage campaigning with the president
In Iraq and Syria, American leadership, including our military power, is stopping (the Islamic State's) advance.
mostly false
Says 25 percent of Oregonians oppose the death penalty.
Says that when President Bill Clinton raised the top tax rates to levels now proposed by Obama, the country experienced significant job growth.
One in six Texans don't have health care. We're the most uninsured state in the U.S.
Says Gina Raimondo's "venture capital firm secured a secret no-bid contract funded by taxpayers."
Mike Madigan made a fortune on tax appeals… Saving his friends millions... It's an inside game played by people like Merry Marwig, Madigan's hand-picked candidate. When Marwig thought her property taxes were too high she got them lowered at your expense. Saved so much she did it again. Marwig and Madigan: Profiting from the same corrupt system.
Says NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell interviewed domestic abuse victim Janay Rice with Ray Rice present and for "every domestic violence agency, every law enforcement agency, that's a no-no."
The labor market is weak because if you count the unemployed, underemployed, and those who've stopped looking for work, the unemployment rate "actually went up last month to 13.5 percent."
Says states not directly involved in the gay marriage lawsuits that reached the Supreme Court "are not bound" by the court's ruling.
Only about 6.8 percent of the (stimulus) money has actually been spent.
Says Syrian refugees are not being vetted, and "the FBI is not even being told where they are."
If we choose Obamacare expansion, 600,000 will lose eligibility for their subsidies, of which 257,000 would be forced into Medicaid.
All members of Congress are required to be in Obamacare, but Obama and members of his administration "have their own gold-plated health care plans that they're in."
Says Thomas Jefferson said "that government is best which governs least."
We had an amendment in the health care law that said the federal government is going to take over education.
Says Newt Gingrich is responsible for the gridlocked politics of Washington.
About two-thirds of Medicaid beneficiaries are children, but they account for one-third of the program's cost, while one-third are elderly, and they account for two-thirds of the cost.
For every [coyote] they kill, the population will replace and usually multiply.
Says President Barack Obama's finance team is recommending a "1% tax on all transactions at any financial institution."
Says the Beaumont school district's superintendent is the highest-paid in the state.
The health insurance plan that (members of Congress) have is no different than any other federal employee's in the United States government.
The 2000 Census cost $4.5 billion. The 2010 Census is set to cost up to $14.5 billion.
Obama spent $7 billion to bring electricity to Africa, failed miserably.
Says Donald Trump wants to deport "our Dreamers."
A provision of the Senate immigration bill would require you to have government permission to get a second job.
Says Hillary Clinton's "plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes."
McCain's attacks on Obama are 'not true,' 'false,' 'baloney,' according to media outlets.
Obamacare includes "a $63 charge every American will begin paying (in 2013) as a way to cover some of the increased costs associated with providing health insurance to those with pre-existing conditions."
Says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker "slashed" pensions and benefits for public employees.
Federal regulations required the changes to Georgia's driver's license renewal process.
Under Lee Fisher Ohio has lost nearly 400,000 jobs.
In Rick Perry's Texas, the governor threatens to leave, to secede from the greatest country in the world.
The top 1 percent pay over half of the entire revenue for this country.
Says ExxonMobil "fought to kill" a rule requiring oil and mining companies to disclose payments made to foreign governments.
As executive director of the Democratic Party of Virginia there were "300 people on my payroll in 2008."
What the facts say is ... "the best scenario for kids is a loving mom and dad."
John McCain is right on that one. The line-item veto is the best tool the president has to rein in excessive spending.
Here in Florida, I've slashed government by 10 percent. That's $7 billion.
Says Dean Heller helped "craft a partisan repeal bill that also would have slashed coverage protections for people with pre-existing conditions."
Under Obamacare, "premiums have doubled and tripled" in Wisconsin.
Trump has "worked with Congress to pass more legislation in his first 100 days than any president since Truman."
Every (Wisconsin) legislator that votes for this bill will have to "give up the same amount of pay" as other state employees.
Says #MeToo movement sign suggested assaulting First Lady Melania Trump.
Michelle Nunn's own plan says she funded organizations linked to terrorists.
Gas prices are the lowest in the U.S. in over ten years!
A Congressional Budget Office report says President Barack Obama's executive order to raise the minimum wage for new federal contract workers "will cost the economy 500,000 jobs."
Numbers on illegal immigrants "are down in terms of apprehensions, which indicates fewer illegal crossings, but also up in terms of actual enforcement actions."
Says Marco Rubio "voted to deport" young people known as Dreamers.
Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed became a city resident in the last annexation, opening the door to his candidacy.
You know our current president is (Muslim). You know he's not even an American.
Says James Comey suggested and CNN reported that the basis of the wiretapping warrant for Trump adviser Carter Page was "all based on a dossier."
Phoenix, Ariz., is the No. 2 kidnapping capital of the world.
On adoption by gay couples
The health care reform law "reduces the deficit by nearly $1.2 trillion over the next two decades."
Page 992 of the health care bill will "establish school-based 'health' clinics. Your children will be indoctrinated and your grandchildren may be aborted!"
Georgia's civil forfeiture laws are among the worst in the country and the very worst in the South.
The number of terrorists out there has doubled.
The Iran deal "trusts the Iranians to inspect themselves."
Right now, American oil production is the highest that it's been in eight years.
Sixty percent of Americans now support legalizing marijuana.
It doesn't make sense "historically" to drop out because the 1968 race was still competitive when "Bobby Kennedy was assassinated in June in California."
The Katy Freeway, or Interstate 10 west of Houston, is the widest freeway in the world, with up to 26 lanes, including frontage road lanes.
Says Senate Republicans are "following a longstanding tradition of not filling vacancies on the Supreme Court in the middle of a presidential election year."
Says she has opposed measures to weaken the Dodd-Frank Wall Street regulatory bill and campaign-finance legislation when they were offered as stand-alone bills.
If we went back to the obesity rates that existed in 1980, that would save the Medicare system a trillion dollars.
The federal government owns about half of the West, yet it continues to acquire more land.
It's legal to "sign a recall petition (against Gov. Scott Walker) even if you have already signed another recall petition," but only one signature counts
In 1984, the New York Times said Trump would be our BEST president.
The Bush-era tax cuts failed to increase employment and "work-force participation fell in 2001 and has never returned to the record level set in 2000."
Far more children died last year drowning in their bathtubs than were killed accidentally by guns.
Overwhelming Democrat and Republican votes in 2011 for legislation in two special sessions on jobs demonstrated the bipartisan nature of the Wisconsin Legislature.
From Obama's book: "I found a solace in nursing a pervasive sense of grievance and animosity against my mother's race."
GM has "repaid our government loan, in full, with interest, five years ahead of the original schedule."
Building a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border "will take literally years."
Every 1 percent increase in the cost of health insurance today causes about 30,000 Georgians to be uninsured.
mostly false
After a decade of decline, this country created over half a million manufacturing jobs in the last two and a half years.
The Democratic majority led the 111th Congress to spend more money in two years than the first 100 congresses before them combined.
That 3.5 percent (increase in the third quarter GDP) came from two things — government spending on Cash for Clunkers — they just moved fourth-quarter auto sales into the third quarter — and the first-time home buyer thing.
Studies show "the 2016 shooting and murder rate in Chicago cost us about $9.6 BILLION DOLLARS" and "the entire City budget for 2018 is $8.6 billion dollars. This math does not work, it is financially killing our city."
Says a growing number of extremely premature babies survive into healthy childhood.
Obama's Private ‘security' Company Sets Up Massive Camps Outside 3 Major Cities.
Says Thomas Jefferson helped "craft" the Constitution.
My supporters aren't special interest groups in Madison and Milwaukee.
Republicans in Congress refuse to list a single tax loophole they are willing to close.
We have 650 people who move to Texas every day.
Says the United States has "treaties with apparently 69 countries where we are obligated to defend their borders. And these were treaties that were executive treaties, not authorized by Congress."
The insurance risk corridors aren't going broke like Republicans predicted.
His new running mate, Congressman Ryan, put forward a plan that would let Governor Romney pay less than 1 percent in taxes each year.
Richard Cordray's nomination to head the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau marks the first time in Senate history "that a political party has blocked a nomination of someone because they didn't like the construction of the agency."
Says he never said he would keep education funding the same.
Says CNN's Chris Cuomo "never asked" Sen. Richard Blumenthal about Blumenthal's misstatements on his own service in Vietnam.
You (Evan Jenkins) said your philosophy was ‘progressive mainstream' back in 2003.
Says Winston Churchill said, "The fascists of the future will call themselves anti-fascists."
There has never been a panther attack in the history of Florida.
Oregon school districts are directing 24 percent of their food budgets to purchase local foods. That's the highest percentage in the country.
America's least-trusted news sources are also its most popular.
Rep. Paul Gosar asks Capitol Police to arrest illegal immigrants attending State of the Union.
Says Jon Ossoff wants to "allow illegal immigration."
Some billionaires have a tax rate as low as 1 percent.
Only 25 percent of what people buy is subject to Rhode Island's sales tax.
We've dropped from a top 10 state in elementary reading to 30th in the nation under State Schools Superintendent Tony Evers' watch.
Mexico receives "approximately $24 billion a year in remittances from Mexican nationals working in the United States. The majority of that amount comes from illegal aliens."
Says Sen. Mark Begich is ineffective because he has only "passed one bill, the naming of a building."
The 1908 Model T earned better gas mileage than a typical SUV sold in 2008.
Busted: Obama is holding secret meetings to overtake the White House
Says Charlie Crist "implemented Jeb Bush's A+ Plan."
The truth is any oil that would be drilled could be sent to any other country in the world, reducing our use of foreign oil not by one single drop.
Obamacare is going to increase the divorce rate.
Our real unemployment is anywhere from 18 to 20 percent. Don't believe the 5.6. Don't believe it.
Our government has spent $2.6 million to teach Chinese prostitutes how to drink responsibly.
We're borrowing money from China and Saudi Arabia "to finance this war" in Iraq.
Nearly 45 percent of the women who receive health screenings through (the Women's Health Program) do so at a Planned Parenthood health center.
Clinton aides admit it (a gas tax holiday) won't do much for you – but would help her politically.
Say Portland Public Schools' central administration makes up less than 4 percent of the staff.
Murder went up when Romney was governor. "Robbery went up. Violent crimes went up."
Since being elected, (Tom Barrett) has dumped 8.2 billion gallons of raw sewage into Lake Michigan.
Muslims' disturbing plan comes out after grocery stores go bare to prepare for Irma.
I deployed the Texas National Guard to the Texas-Mexico border. "And the policy worked; apprehensions at the border declined 74 percent."
Giving the facts: 73,000 jobs created ... since '11. Do you know how many direct jobs in the auto industry? 1,800.
Says Andrew Gillum has a "far left socialist platform."
Ten years ago, John McCain offered a bill that said he would ban a candidate from paying registered lobbyists.
[E]xcise tax increases drive commerce across state lines.
Says that under his tax plan, seniors making less than $50,000 per year won't pay any income taxes.
In the United States, "we tax our exports and don't tax our imports."
The estimated price of President Trump's border wall is the same as the cost of "one and a half aircraft carriers."
The U.S. Supreme Court struck down Wisconsin's photo ID election law
We aren't the only state cutting back on public television.
Says Rick Perry increased spending in Texas by more than 50 percent.
Four million women have fallen into poverty in the last six years.
For years now, we have spent more money than we have taken in.
Texans pay the sixth-highest property tax in the nation.
Freshman Rep. Bob Gibbs "is spending his one year anniversary on vacation — only working 6 days in all of January."
Says the Austin chapter of the League of Women Voters has no Republicans among elected officers or on its debate committee.
Poll after poll after poll shows me beating Hillary.
When George Bush said we shouldn't investigate why the government's response to Hurricane Katrina was so incompetent, John McCain stood with him.
Women "make 77 cents for every dollar a man earns."
Flip Flop! After opposing term limits for decades, Adam Putnam adopts Donald Trump and Ron DeSantis' position.
Seventy percent of all uninsured live in households in which at least one person is working.
Electric car sales in Georgia have dropped dramatically since a $5,000 tax credit was eliminated and a $200 annual registration fee was imposed July 1.
A Trump television ad shows Mexicans swarming over "our southern border."
Says President Donald Trump's "executive order leads to capture of ISIS leader, Rasheed Muhammad."
Says combined inflation and unemployment rates in October 2011 were the highest since Ronald Reagan succeeded Jimmy Carter.
Says Rep. Kyrsten Sinema supported a bill that is "essentially encouraging child trafficking."
The conviction rate is almost exactly the same for whites and blacks who commit murder.
Says when an interviewer asked Donald Trump if he treats women with respect, Trump replied, "I can't say that."
For several days in July of 2012, Greenland surface ice cover melted more than at any time in 30 years of satellite observation. During that month, an estimated 97% of the ice sheet thawed.
In 2009, pre-Hillary, ISIS was not even on the map.
Promotes a chart saying that Barack Obama has "increased the debt" by 16 percent, compared to George W. Bush, who increased it by 115 percent.
President Obama has "the worst ratings of any president at the end of his first year."
In Houston, Texas, today, there are no homeless veterans.
Palin supports "aerial hunting of wolves and other wildlife."
George Allen voted for budgets that increased the national debt by $16,400 for every second he served in the U.S. Senate.
In the 2012 election, there were more votes cast than registered voters in St. Lucie County, and Palm Beach County had 141 percent turnout.
The federal government owns 30 percent of the land in the 50 states, or about 650 million acres.
Over half of the people who would be taxed under (a millionaire surtax) are, in fact, small businesspeople.
$3 billion over the next five years will be taken out of our public schools and be put into vouchers.
The soda tax can make a difference by reducing consumption of unhealthy soda pop and sugary beverages.
Americans work way more than an average of industrialized countries around the world.
To give a sense of how families are struggling, a record four out of every 10 school kids in Ohio now qualifies for subsidized lunch.
Some countries are contributing (peacekeeping) troops because they're making money off of them.
PWNED: House GOP Dominates Twitter, YouTube, Social Media in Congress.
Says Hillary Clinton "is the one that labeled African-American youth as ‘superpredators.'"
The centerpiece of Senator McCain's education policy is to increase the voucher program in D.C. by 2,000 slots.
There are more immigrants in our country right now than any other time.
Evidence shows Zika virus turns fetus brains to liquid.
(John McCain) was even mentioned as a running mate with John Kerry.
Last year, I stopped an Obamacare bailout and saved taxpayers $2.5 billion.
Says that as Wisconsin governor he "never raised taxes."
false
Canada Pays Off Entire Federal Debt One Day After Marijuana Legalization
Currently, there is no one from South Austin on the (Austin City) Council!
Says "Tommy Thompson's tax plan amounts to an average tax cut of almost $87,000 for the top 1 percent."
Puerto Rico's $70 billion debt is unsustainable and it is unpayable. And the reason why it is unsustainable has everything to do with the greed of Wall Street vulture funds.
There is no clinical evidence that vaccinating healthcare workers protects patients.
The GOP health care proposal would slash more than $135 million in federal funding available to PA schools.
After the U.S.-led military alliance ejected Saddam Hussein's forces from Kuwait in 1991, the Kuwaitis "never paid us."
Obama has maintained a friendship with a now convicted felon.
The final pitch of Don Larsen's perfect game in the 1956 World Series "was a foot and half probably high and outside."
This (Ebola) is not as bad as SARS was in 2003.
When I served as City Commissioner, we made great strides …we successfully fought for, and won, adding women and people of color to the Fire Bureau.
Obama voted "to cut off funding for our American troops on the battlefield."
90% of Americans want national background checks that close loopholes.
Across the country, $174 billion of the Recovery Act have been committed in its first 130 days.
Says Leah Vukmir said: "I'm not endorsing Donald Trump."
In the states that allow open carry, violent crime was 23 percent lower.
A new bill "was written into the new health care reform initiative ensuring that Congress will be 100 percent exempt."
Of the 18 stadiums built from 2004 to 2013, 47 percent of the total cost came from public sources.
Says Marco Rubio's "proposed college affordability overhaul would specifically benefit for-profit colleges."
The vast majority of people that got insurance under President Obama's Obamacare, the Affordable Care Act, got it through Medicaid.
Since Mr. Foster's been mayor, we have less small businesses in the city of St. Petersburg.
Says Rex "Tillerson won't divest from Exxon."
Wisconsin is "not a high tax and fee state." When you look at "all the money state and local governments bring in" from residents, "we're more in the middle."
Women "are still paid 82 cents for every dollar a man earns in Texas."
Ten times, no Republican candidate for president had enough delegates to claim the nomination before the party's convention, and seven of those times "somebody who was not the leader of delegates was selected as the nominee of the party."
Donald Trump "called the military that I served in a disaster."
The government is trying to now close the Lincoln Memorial for any kind of large gatherings.
Former Atlanta Public Schools Superintendent Beverly Hall left the school district "significantly better than she found it."
Says Republicans "just passed" the Veterans Choice program after 44 years of trying. "They've been trying to pass that one for many, many decades."
On whether BP's $20 billion fund to compensate oil spill victims is "a slush fund."
Students today "take more years to get through" college.
Says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker eliminated "cancer screenings for uninsured women" and offered "no alternatives."
We've started building the wall.
We are giving almost $2 billion of taxpayer money to the junk food and fast food industries every year to make the (childhood obesity) epidemic worse.
John McCain's health care plan "leaves you on your own to pay McCain's health insurance tax."
Says Sen. Tammy Baldwin "claims to support a 'Buy America' philosophy, but her actions speak louder than her empty words."
Law firm @POTUS used to show he has no ties to Russia was named Russia Law Firm of the Year for their extensive ties to Russia. Unreal.
Says U.S. Sen. Ron Johnson, R-Wisconsin, was elected in a "very low turnout" race.
Houston is "the third-most toxic city in the United States of America."
Back door gun control is in full effect in the United States due to "Obama's Environmental Protection Agency."
Our welfare system now consumes 42 percent of our budget.
It is already in the law that there is a requirement to screen (refugees) for religion.
From 2000 to 2008, we averaged "about five mass shootings a year. We're now averaging 15. So that's a three-fold increase."
Studies have shown that voter fraud is non-existent in Texas.
Says Ohio has 77 job training programs spread across 13 state agencies.
Senate Bill 5 makes it harder for nurses to give the patients the quality care they need.
Sherrod Brown "has stood side by side" with President Barack Obama, presiding "over the most rapid increase in the debt over the last 2.5 years" and hurtling toward " the worst jobs record in the modern era."
Dozens of artists, including Justin Timberlake, Jay Z and Rihanna, are canceling Florida shows like Stevie Wonder in protest of "stand your ground."
If you're earning under $100,000 a year and you commute to New York every day you pay more to the Port Authority in tolls than you pay to the state of New Jersey in income tax.
Her campaign and her supporters in her campaign were the ones that borne out the birther movement.
U.S. Embassy Celebrates America's Independence on June 4th in Order to Accommodate Muslims.
Babysitter on crystal meth eats 3-month-old baby.
The polling shows over and over again that, unlike Donald Trump, that with me as the nominee, we beat Hillary Clinton.
Says "Scott Baio .. dies in small plane crash."
Says 282 Texas school districts have requested emergency waivers to increase elementary school class sizes because of "unprecedented fiscal challenges."
Voter turnout in 2016 was reduced by approx. 200,000 votes because of WI's photo ID laws.
If you're a small business and don't "adopt the health care plan that Senator Obama mandates, he's going to fine you."
Under the Affordable Care Act, "some people were gaming the system" by paying "for nine months of insurance, get 12 -- the other three for free."
I haven't missed a vote since 1993.
You know we can't just pull out now... The truth of the matter is: If we started today, it would take one year, one year to get 160,000 troops physically out of Iraq, logistically.
House Republican plan would increase costs for Oregon seniors by $6,000 with health care vouchers instead of Medicare
Someone can write an article or book, totally make up stories and form a picture of a person that is literally the exact opposite of the fact, and get away with it without retribution or cost. Don't know why Washington politicians don't change libel laws?
You cannot build a little guy up by tearing a big guy down -- Abraham Lincoln said it.
Says Mark Hass "raised your taxes by $1 billion in a single day."
Says the media created the term "polar vortex" and the cold air proves "the ice isn't melting."
We have counties where there have been one arrest under the SAFE Act. It indicates there's not a whole lot of interest in enforcing this in our upstate counties.
Gov. Scott Walker hired convicted Assembly Speaker Scott Jensen to oversee a raid on the state employee retirement system to help balance the state budget.
Texas has 600,000 registered voters who don't have the kind of photo ID needed to vote.
Over the last 10 years, incomes for the top 1 percent "have grown." Meanwhile, the bottom half of the country, "they've seen their wages stagnate."
3 American women are murdered every day by their husband or boyfriend.
For "the average middle-class family, your taxes today are lower than when I took office."
Obama "refused to not only put his hand on his heart during the Pledge of Allegiance, but refused to say the pledge."
Before Leaving, Obama Enacts Rules to Take $3,000 From EVERY American.
Last week Senator Obama's running mate said, get this, 'Raising taxes is patriotic.' 
Gov. Scott Walker is helping pay for the criminal defense of a man accused of "boy rape."
Eighty-five percent of every dollar donated to the Clinton Foundation ended up either with the Clintons or with their staff to pay for travel, salaries, and benefits. Fifteen cents of every dollar actually went to some charitable beneficiary.
John Cornyn "voted twice in 2013 to back Obama's amnesty plan."
On unemployment rates: "We have counties in Southwest Virginia that are well into double digits and some that are pushing 20 percent."
Says "Amanda Fritz publicly claimed to be endorsed by NARAL Pro-Choice Oregon, both on her website and in the voter's guide."
The last time there was a sustained surge of confidence in government's competence was under Ronald Reagan.
Every former North Carolina governor opposes "constitutional amendments Raleigh lawmakers put on the ballot this fall."
After Arizona banned smoking in "all public places" in 2007, "admissions for acute myocardial infarction … stroke, asthma, [and] angina decreased following the implementation of the ban."
Says HHS Secretary Alex Azar called family separations at the border and detention of children in cages "one of the great acts of American generosity and charity" and "is now in charge."
California Gov. Jerry Brown was "Caught in the Middle of a $60 Billion Corruption Investigation."
Target to discontinue sale of Holy Bible.
Democrats very much are in the pocket of the NRA.
We had no domestic attacks under Bush.
We've made other countries rich while the wealth ... of our country has dissipated over the horizon.
It's four or five states where the number of insurance options have narrowed under the Affordable Care Act.
Soldiers Donating to Tea Party Now Face Punishment Under the Uniform Code of Military Justice.
When the United States "first created the federal income tax, frankly, nobody below a million dollars a year paid anything."
Says Texas wildfires are linked to climate change.
Says "the typical homeowner will pay $4 more per month" if library district passes.
North Carolina is one of "very few states" that give the governor sole discretion to pick judges.
Says Jeff Brandes voted to allow state-run Citizens Property Insurance to dump policies onto "out-of-state, unregulated private companies."
Georgia's unemployment rate has exceeded the national rate for 50 consecutive months.
Forty-six states have a line-item veto for the governor.
The last private rocket launch "cost $80 million. If the government did it, the same thing would have cost probably 40 or 50 times that amount of money. I mean, literally."
Says PolitiFact has said he "kept a campaign promise to toughen ethics rules."
A 0.05 standard for drunken driving means having a glass of wine at dinner could make a person drunk.
He's only there for one purpose and one purpose only, and that is to run a shadow government that is gonna totally upset the new agenda.
The White House staff risks violating federal ethics rules if they participate in Donald Trump's "fake news awards."
Scott Maddox has run "losing campaigns for 3 of Florida's 4 available cabinet positions."
Says he didn't call Dr. George Tiller a baby killer, as liberal groups charge, but was merely reporting what "some prolifers branded him."
On timing of right to work legislation
Did not vote for tax increases as a member of the West Miami City Commission.
Says an amendment specifying when military members may use deadly force "does nothing to change existing rules of engagement for American service members."
Says people who signed recall petitions against Wisconsin state Sen. Jim Holperin received "harassing phone calls from out-of-state telemarketers claiming to represent the Democratic Party and insinuating foul play by petition circulators."
Says a 9-year-old girl was recently raped in Austin, Texas, by a guy previously "caught four times and released."
After Britain's vote to leave the European Union, "within 24 hours, Americans lost $100 billion from our 401(k)s."
We've been able to create about 60,000 net new jobs in Virginia since February.
The InterLink at T.F. Green Airport is the closest air-rail link in the country.
Says Steve Jobs was responsible for creating more jobs than the stimulus bill.
In Providence, R.I., it's illegal to sell toothpaste and a toothbrush to the same customer on a Sunday.
Two years after the worst recession most of us have ever known ... corporate profits are up.
Warren Buffett says stop Obamacare now and start over.
Says the reforms in state Issue 2 "will save taxpayer dollars"
In San Francisco, we were successful in reducing our street population 40 percent. We got 12,000 people off the street.
A tax plan promoted by North Carolina Senate candidate Thom Tillis will "overwhelmingly benefit the wealthy."
Says Ted Budd "voted to gut protections for pre-existing conditions … letting insurance companies deny coverage for (necessary) treatment."
Employers and schools have no right to conduct "surveillance of a dorm room or a worker's cubicle."
If Florida had not taken the stimulus, it "would have led to the firing of 20,000 teachers."
Even with full control of the House, Senate and White House, Republicans have still failed to deliver on their promise of higher wages for working families.
President Obama told people "to skip coming here (Las Vegas) for conventions and meetings."
Says Jeb Bush "once held $1 million in family planning grants hostage until the programs receiving the money agreed not to discuss birth control at all."
The amount of attention paid this week to Chris Christie makes the coverage of Benghazi ... pale in significance.
Says Deborah Ross "supports the Iran nuclear deal and the ransom it paid for hostages."
In the "Obama economy ... the youth unemployment rate is double the unemployment rate for all Americans."
The median income in America has dropped by 10 percent in the last four years.
Every month since 9/11, there have been as many suicide attacks against the United States and its allies as there were in all the years leading up to 9/11.
Says GOP U.S. Senate candidate Darryl Glenn "wants to eliminate the Department of Education" and jeopardize college funding for 320,000 Coloradans.
The Republicans have repeatedly said that they agree with 80 percent of what's in our bill.
Says "92 percent of the people agree on DACA."
Says Richard Cordray directed an Ohio commission to "permit an armed group to have a rally on the statehouse grounds, even taking the extraordinary step of assuming personal responsibility for waiving an insurance requirement in the event of an incident."
Ninety percent of the topsoil has inadequate moisture to grow crops.
Pads and tampons (are) still taxed when Viagra and Rogaine are not.
Richard Hayne, president and CEO of Urban Outfitters … (is) a supporter of Rick Santorum and donated over $13,000 to him.
The poverty rate for families in which a husband and a wife work is 5 percent, but in families headed by one person … "it's 30 percent today."
Joe Morrissey "has been a delegate in the General Assembly for eight years with no laws passed to help our black community with education or workforce."
If you make the average amount of people in Wisconsin, $50,000, you got $1.60 less a week in taxes under the state income-tax cut, but "it didn't show up in your paycheck."
The Washington Times ... pointed out that we had succeeded where previous administrations had failed on spending cuts.
Says Walker "wants to get rid of" students' ability to stay on their parents' health insurance.
New York state law says you are alive when you begin to breathe.
Since Oregon's prescription-only law took effect, meth lab incidents have dropped by 96 percent and meth-related arrests by 32 percent.
Says Georgia will send more state money per child to state charter schools and that budget cuts are not applied to those charter schools.
Spending on welfare, on prisons, and education, all of those have dropped by hundreds of millions of dollars because of Arizona's immigration laws that drove out undocumented immigrants.
Robert Hurt supported a bill that helped the uranium industry after taking contributions from the industry and because his father had a stake in it.
Two years ago Providence alone spent $50,000 a year notifying the school department about residents in the state's sex offender registry.
The interest on the debt now is going to approach in the next couple of years ... what we spend in the national defense budget.
Deficit spending ‘exploded during the Obama administration' to $5.3 trillion over four years, compared to $2 trillion in eight years under President George W. Bush.
The federal "limousine fleet has increased by 42 percent since Barack Obama took office."
Today, the deficit is "below the average deficits over the past 40 years."
Austin is "effectively" imposing "a ban on barbecue restaurants."
The job [of correctional officer] lowers your life expectancy . . . Metropolitan did a study in, I believe it was 1998, and the life expectancy was 58.
A gas tax holiday "would at best provide 30 cents a day for three months for a grand total of $28."
The Chicago Bears have had more starting quarterbacks in the last 10 years than the total number of tenured (UW) faculty fired during the last two decades.
We cut property taxes by one-third.
The health care reform bill -- on Page 16 -- outlaws private insurance.
In recent years, menhaden numbers along our coast have plummeted by 90 percent.
I told the Congress 'thanks, but no thanks,' on that Bridge to Nowhere.
Says Ken Cuccinelli supported a law that could allow people to carry missile launchers into airports.
mostly false
Donald Trump is "against marriage equality. He wants to go back."
Scott Walker's school-aid cuts were so devastating that students are without chairs and a government survey found 47 kids in a classroom.
The Muslim Brotherhood has "openly stated they want to declare war on Israel."
When a Gallup poll asked about presidential candidate characteristics, "When they get to the question on, 'Would you vote for a socialist,' it is even less popular than voting for atheists."
Providence has "the lowest crime rate in three decades."
Says Hillary Clinton "viciously" attacked women abused by Bill Clinton.
Says Congressman Jon Runyan does not want to cut taxes for the middle class, but only for millionaires.
The language that's part of the president's National Security Council memo "is identical to the language" used by President George W. Bush in 2001 and President Barack Obama in 2009.
We spend in tax loopholes annually $1.1 trillion. That's more than we spend on our defense budget in a year, on Medicare or Medicaid in a year.
The EPA has tried to define a puddle or a drainage ditch on your farm to be navigable waters and thus subject to massive environmental regulations.
Richard Corcoran has a plan to divert even more of our tax dollars to unaccountable private schools.
Undocumented immigrants commit less crimes than the native born.
Says the United States is "the Saudi Arabia of coal."
Abortion in the U.S. "is at an all time legal low."
The poverty rates in America today aren't much better than when we started the War on Poverty.
Says Mexico doesn't have birthright citizenship, and Americans are the "only ones" to have it.
Says Virginia economic development officials "decided they didn't want to bid on" his company's electric automobile plant.
Unlike virtually every other campaign, we don't have a super PAC.
In "the fall of 2009, only 21 percent of Texas high school graduates enrolled in a four-year public university."
British Intelligence Seizes Clinton Foundation Warehouse, $400 Million In Cash.
Says a celebrity praises locals for their help after an automotive breakdown.
Says Crist campaign website "has eliminated all references to our Republican Party."
Trump proposed enacting the largest tax increase in American history.
The bulk of the people who are shot with a weapon — other than these drug gangs taking on one another — end up being shot with their own weapon.
Two long running, Obama era, investigations of two very popular Republican Congressmen were brought to a well publicized charge, just ahead of the Mid-Terms, by the Jeff Sessions Justice Department.
Idaho Republican Rep. Mike Simpson is a "liberal" who voted with Nancy Pelosi to "fund sex study programs of San Francisco prostitutes" and "to regulate the sale of firearms."
Says the Portland Children's Levy holds its "administrative expenses to less than 5 percent."
The city of Charlotte passed a bathroom ordinance mandate on every private-sector employer in Charlotte.
Signs letter saying Consumer Product Safety Commission is acting "without consultation or input from the company" to stop the sale of Buckyballs.
Homelessness has skyrocketed across California. We have the nation's highest homelessness rate and the nation's highest homeless population.
Casualties and deaths are at (their) lowest point since literally the beginning of the war.
We confer more PhDs each year than any other university in America except Berkeley.
Says "Rob Portman voted for the bipartisan bill to affirm climate change is real, humans significantly contribute to it and it needs to be addressed."
The IRS is "going to be in charge of our health care."
Says the Austin metro region "will lead" the nation "with population growth over 50%" over the next 30 years.
Says U.S. Reps. Phil Gingrey and Jack Kingston have "even changed votes to what I voted, multiple times."
Washington politicians "run Social Security like a Ponzi scheme."
Says there are no political prisoners in Cuba.
Before Act 10, the total cost of public sector employees' employment was 29 percent higher than that in the private sector. After the act, it's still 22 percent higher.
Democratic lawmakers who voted in favor of short-term spending bills "just voted to deport Dreamers."
Says "Joseph Stalin said if you want to bring America down you, have to undermine three things: our spiritual life, our patriotism and our morality."
Says Mike Pence said that "allowing rape victims to have abortions will lead to women trying to get raped."
Clinton "refused repeated requests to meet with the Gold Star Mothers."
More than 10 years of free trade "has brought a $2 billion per day trade deficit."
Hospitals have already begun layoffs, a direct result of Republican inaction on Medicaid expansion.
Gov. Romney cut off kosher meals for Jewish senior citizens who were on Medicaid to save $5 a day.
Homosexual behavior "cuts your life by about 20 years."
The state budget has actually grown by $4.6 billion under Gov. Scott Walker's actions.
Trump's Cabinet is more white and more male than any first Cabinet since President Ronald Reagan's.
Four balanced budgets in a row, with no new taxes for anyone. The best job growth in 12 years. Nearly 130,000 new private-sector jobs. Merit pay to reward New Jersey's best teachers, and the most education funding ever.
In Connecticut and New York, students at Achievement First schools consistently outperform city and statewide averages.
Says Patrick Murphy "hasn't passed a single bill out of committee."
The ACLU has filed a suit to end prayer from the military completely.
Milwaukee County has "a parks capital budget that's bigger than it's been in the last 10 years."
We in the Democratic Party had no input into the locations of these hearings, nor did we have input into the process.
Says Hillary Clinton's immigration platform would "create totally open borders."
Go look on the West Point website and you'll see those specific words, ‘full scholarship to West Point.' So even though it is, you know, given as a grant for anybody who gets in, those words are used.
Karen Handel "would have felt like it was OK to go in and abort" Sarah Palin's son Trig, who has Down syndrome.
As Governor, Wolf has already proposed more than $8B in tax increases.
Over 10 years, (extending tax cuts for the wealthy) would add less to the deficit than Obama added with the stimulus in one year.
When the Affordable Care Act was signed, 17 million American children had a pre-existing condition and were "uninsurable."
Congressman (Ron) DeSantis sponsored legislation to increase sales taxes by 23 percent, hurting families, destroying jobs, devastating tourism
If you're in Texas, you have got to drive 120 miles to get an ID.
The federal government regulates the holes in Swiss cheese.
The fact is, over 2.4 million jobs have been lost since the 'Stimulus' bill was signed into law in February of 2009.
Says Jill McCabe "supports late term abortions. Larger baby parts are more profitable."
Says Indiana Gov. Mike Pence "provides zero state funding for homeless shelters."
Swaziland has the highest rate of HIV infection in the world.
Every year, more than $40 million are leaving Missouri for the Lone Star State.
When Georgia tightened its voter identification laws, the state sent a van and photographer to the homes of people who needed photo IDs and made them for free.
Says Charlie Crist could have expanded Medicaid after the health care law passed but didn't.
There are 4.7 percent of Virginians who are minimum wage earners who are over 25 years of age working full-time and trying to raise a family.
Says Kansas U.S. House candidate Paul Davis was caught with a stripper during a drug raid and later voted to "allow strip clubs to open near homes, churches, schools and daycare facilities."
Says his deficit plan "made some adjustments to (Simpson-Bowles), and we're putting it forward before Congress right now, a $4 trillion plan."
Three of the 11 most violent cities in the U.S. are in Missouri — St. Louis, Kansas City, and Springfield.
There has never been an alderman who has defeated an incumbent mayor in the history of this great city.
Congress has cut funding, has slashed funding, for veterans' benefits over these last years.
Human activity is not "causing these dramatic changes to our climate."
Go look at a Trump product. They're all made in China.
The Broward Republican Executive Committee "had the liberal League of Women Voters Guide removed from the Broward Supervisor of Election's website."
Twenty-seven out-of-state pharmaceutical companies have raised more campaign dollars (against a drug price control measure) than all other state ballot measures have raised to date, combined.
For the amount of money Hillary Clinton would like to spend on refugees, we could rebuild every inner city in America.
A 10-year state program that created 202 jobs at a cost of $247,000 per job was approved by former Gov. Jim Doyle.
I took the state of Ohio from an $8 billion hole … to a $2 billion surplus.
Obama served on a board with former Weather Underground member William Ayers and "that relationship with Mr. Ayers on this board continued after 9/11."
Says 97 percent of food stamp benefits "are paid in the proper amounts to people who are really eligible."
Says Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said that "if he has a nuclear weapon he will use it to wipe Israel off the face of the earth. He will use it against the United States of America."
On timing of announcement for president.
Says that "you can't destroy the guns purchased in a (gun) buyback program as the city (of Memphis) wants to do."
Says Alex Jones "said that the victims of the Sandy Hook massacre were child actors and no one was actually killed there."
Senator Jeff Plale saved my job -- and some 300 others at Bucyrus International.
We are one of only two states to have eight consecutive months of declining unemployment. Twenty-one states had increased unemployment last month. Ours went down.
To give the proposed economic stimulus plan some perspective, "if you started the day Jesus Christ was born and spent $1 million every day since then, you still wouldn't have spent $1 trillion."
The stimulus bill "promised to keep unemployment under 8%."
In the past decade, K-12 funding has grown six times faster than the rate of enrollment.
I'm the only one who's fought against developers draining the Everglades!
The (Wisconsin) governor has proposed tax giveaways to corporations.
We've used (generally accepted accounting principles) here in this building the last two years.
Says Baltimore police are "trained by Mossad and Shin Bet."
An Internet sweepstakes cafe is "a legitimate business that has been vetted and found to be completely legal in the state."
Republicans have proposed dozens of (health care) solutions designed to help control costs and improve quality.
Hitler "abolished unions and that's what" Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker is "doing today."
I will keep taxes low and cut them where I can. My opponent will raise them.
The Democrats plan "to raise your tax rates to 70 or 80 percent."
Says Ted Cruz "never denied" his father was photographed with Lee Harvey Oswald.
I was filibustered.
Says Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan "want to turn Medicare into a voucher system."
Says a question about his financial skills at the CNBC debate included "discredited attacks from Democrats and my political opponents."
A letter from BP to the Minerals Management Service "actually recommends improvements and specific recommendations around safety regulations should they choose to change them."
Says David Jolly "lobbied on a plan" by Rep. Paul Ryan that would turn Medicare into a voucher program.
John McCain's chief economic adviser during the '08 race … estimated that Trump's promises would cause America to lose 3.5 million jobs.
Every billion dollars we spend on highway construction results in 47,500 jobs. But the fact is the average American is sitting in traffic 38 hours a year.
Since 2001, higher education in the state has been cut or allowed to erode ... by 35 or 40 percent.
Sarah Palin "has more experience than Barack Obama."
(Bill) Nelson voted for billions in wasteful spending earmarks like the Bridge to Nowhere.
Says of a failed cloture vote on nominating Chuck Hagel for defense secretary: "This is not a filibuster."
The "priorities" of more than three-quarters of Americans are to increase the minimum wage, create a path to citizenship for illegal immigrants, and require background checks for gun buyers.
More than 40 percent of sales nationally are made without background checks.
We have empowered state insurance commissioners to review the rate hikes that are taking place in states. And in some states like North Carolina, they have already used it and rolled back premium increases by 25 percent.
If you are a member of union, your median weekly income is roughly $200 more than if you are a nonunion member, and that doesn't include benefits.
Wisconsin's economy is in the best shape it's been since 2000.
I brought down crime more than anyone in this country -- maybe in the history of this country -- while I was mayor of New York City. -
Says 13 Texas universities "have announced or implemented a $10,000 degree."
Says new figures he released showing Wisconsin job gains for 2011 are "the final job numbers."
Wikileaks also shows how John Podesta rigged the polls by oversampling Democrats, a voter suppression technique.
Pediatricians have cut down on the number and proximity of vaccines because they recognize there have been "too many in too short a period of time."
Why is President Obama unnecessarily delaying your flight? FAA could cut other spending.
Paul Ryan doesn't know what the minimum wage is in Wisconsin.
Says "Hillary Clinton set aside environmental and labor rules to help a South Korean company with a record of violating workers' rights set up what amounts to a sweatshop in Haiti."
A database police use to look up wanted suspects excludes certain warrants issued by Atlanta Municipal Court.
Seventy bills [Kendrick Meek] authored, not one of them has passed.
In the last year, Wisconsin ranked third in Midwest job growth.
On restoring voting rights to non-violent felons.
$16 trillion (the national debt) in $1 bills would cover the entire state of Ohio nearly 1.5 times.
There's not one public study, and by public study I mean a study available to the public, that has looked at using the product Kaput to poison feral hogs.
When it comes to transportation funds, Georgians spend more in taxes and on red tape than they get back from the federal government.
Savannah is home to "the fastest-growing port in the nation."
I don't do earmarks. I've never done one. I'm not going to do one.
Says because of his actions, Wisconsin "property taxes today are lower than they were four years ago."
Every four minutes, another American home or business goes solar.
Says an appointed board created under Obamacare "will have the ability to come between you and your doctor in determining the best treatment options for you!"
The United States has "10,000 IRS agents making sure that you don't take an improper charity deduction," but to fight terrorism, it has "less than two dozen people focusing on countering violent extremism at home."
The platform of the Republican Party says deport everybody and to hell with it.
Hillary Clinton supported NAFTA and permanent China trade. Pennsylvania lost thousands of jobs.
Knopp says he upheld a campaign promise not to join the Public Employees Retirement System (PERS).
Says that in 41 states, government workers "are better paid than the taxpayers who support them."
Proposed tax changes are a "handout" to BP.
We know how to stop AIDS: persuade men not to have sex with men.
In 2016, Dallas, Texas, has fewer "police officer-related shootings than any large city in America."
Nearly 6 in 10 uninsured Americans "can get health insurance for what may be the equivalent of your cell phone bill."
Today almost half our debt is owned by foreigners.
Between 2000 and 2006, "health insurance company profits quadrupled."
The omnibus bill "does not designate a single dollar for Planned Parenthood."
Three in four low-income workers don't have any paid sick days available.
Every signer of the Declaration of Independence had no federal elected office experience.
Says Rick Scott cut education by over a billion dollars, meaning thousands of teachers "lost their jobs" and "class sizes went up."
I've always voted for keeping the government open. I've never cast a vote to shut down the government.
Forty percent of the country is going to be in states that are tolerant of gay marriage or at least civil unions.
Members of the public are being charged $50 to hear Gov. Scott Walker and a dozen members of his administration talk about jobs and the economy at Lambeau Field.
There are fewer wars, there are fewer people dying in wars "now than there have been in quite some time."
Dan Gelber's employment by BP's law firm "could disqualify him from representing Florida against BP as Attorney General."
Says Republican Rep. Charlie Dent wants to kick the Freedom Caucus out of the Republican conference "for voting our conscience."
Says the private sector in Texas created 1 million jobs over the past decade.
At the mere request from Putin, President Obama withdrew the plans for a missile defense program based in Poland and the Czech Republic.
Says Josh Mandel bet against Ohio families
There's no evidence anywhere that offshore drilling has hurt tourism in any area where it has been allowed.
Blames Mike McIntyre and Nancy Pelosi for the second straight year of no cost-of-living increases for Social Security beneficiaries.
The American people spoke pretty loudly. They said stop all the looming tax hikes....
Hillary Clinton is for open borders.
We have the highest graduation rate of basketball players in the history of the NCAA. We have the highest graduation rate of African-American basketball players in the history of the NCAA in basketball.
White people are so 1960's. Sometimes the only thing that keeps me going is the fact that they will be blended out by the time I am 30. Imagine a world without white people. —Malia Obama's midterm speech exam
"Georgia has the most restrictive ballot access laws in the country.”	true"
Says Rep. Steve Stockman "basically wants gun-filled zones in schools."
Rhode Island has the "worst maintained bridges in the United States of America . . . and we have the second worst maintained roads [behind] Alaska."
More people now die in Wisconsin from drug overdoses than car crashes.
Says state Senate candidate Aaron Bean voted to give health care subsidies to illegal immigrants.
Says a "rape kit" can be used to "clean out" women, "basically like" dilation and curettage.
John McCain says he never supported the privatization of Social Security, even though video shows he did.
Says Scott Walker recently said "he got his bald spot from hitting his head on a cabinet, and it's not a joke, he actually said that his bald spot came because he hit his head on a cabinet."
Says President Abraham Lincoln enforced the Fugitive Slave Act until the Civil War ended.
Says he "came to the Republican Party sooner in age" than Ronald Reagan.
Under Republican Chris Christie, New Jersey had the highest increase in unemployment in the country last year. Nearly 1 in 10 jobless. The worst unemployment in the region. Near the bottom in economic growth, yet Christie protected a tax cut for millionaires but vetoed a minimum wage hike.
George Allen "voted for 40,000 earmarks."
I have consistently opposed shutdowns.
The proposed Keystone XL oil pipeline is a bipartisan proposal.
John McCain "voted against the tax cuts of 2001 and 2003, wrongly claiming they helped only the rich."
What is and isn't a Schedule I narcotic is a job for Congress.
This kind of snowstorm happens every 10 or 15 years.
The Supreme Court's views "are radically out of step with public opinion" regarding its decision to legalize same-sex marriage nationwide.
Planned Parenthood "is an organization that funnels millions of dollars in political contributions to pro-abortion candidates."
When undocumented children are picked up at the border and "told to appear later in court ... 90 percent do not then show up."
It's highly unusual to have a Supreme Court confirmation in a presidential election year. The last one was 1940.
President Barack Obama "has virtually no one in his cabinet with private-sector experience."
We have 93 million people out of work. They look for jobs, they give up, and all of a sudden, statistically, they're considered employed.
While Rob Portman relies on his super PAC and a handful of billionaires to do his dirty work, we don't have a super PAC, and quite frankly, we don't want one that spends millions to spew out lies and distortions.
In the 38 Studios deal, "Wall Street investors took a risk, and went bust."
Under the previous administration it was … $100 to fill a car. American energy has delivered. Now it's $60. That's $40 you have in your pocket … that you wouldn't have.
Sen. Obama worked on some of the deepest issues we had and was successful in a bipartisan way.
Ted Cruz tried to ban contraception five times.
In 2016, an officer was assaulted in America on an average of every 10 minutes.
Rhode Island's unemployment insurance system "is the most expensive such system in the country."
Says Hillary Clinton "was completely exonerated, when I was in the White House" by an official inquiry on Whitewater.
ISIS supporter tweeted at 10:34 a.m. Shooting began at 10:45 a.m. in Chattanooga, Tenn.
We spent approximately $20-billion of that money on pork barrel, earmark projects. Maybe if we had done it right, maybe some of that money would have gone to inspect those bridges and other bridges across the country.
The Interior Department has only 30 days to review an exploration plan submitted by an oil company. That leaves no time for the appropriate environmental review. The result is, they are continually waived.
The amount of interest paid on the federal debt exceeds "total tax revenue."
I'm the only governor in America ... who signed a law that says there needs to be an independent investigation any time there's a death of someone in police custody.
We're spending $12,000 bucks a kid a year in the school system.
Says local Texas chambers of commerce were granted exemptions from paying property taxes on their headquarter properties.
Says Pat Toomey visited Joe Sestak and other veterans in 2002 "and then came home and voted against every veterans appropriations bill."
On Common Core.
Under President Barack Obama's watch, "oil production on federal lands has decreased 14 percent over the past year."
Governor-elect Scott Walker's opposition to high-speed rail "killed 13,000 Wisconsin jobs"
With North Korea, "nobody has ever seen such a positive response on our behalf from China."
Regulations are an "endemic weakness in government -- so old that Thomas Jefferson listed this problem among his charges against the King of England in the Declaration of Independence."
The top 1 percent of income-earners pay about 40 percent of all taxes into the federal government.
Latinos now make up the majority population in Texas.
Obamacare has failed.
We have pay equity. When you think about that wage gap, we all know it's 78 cents to the dollar. Well, in New York state it's 90 cents to the dollar.
Says U.S. Senate Democrats "have gone without any budget at all" for more than 1,000 days.
The Republican Party has not won a presidential election without either a Bush or a Nixon on the ticket since 1928.
Says former president Jimmy Carter said, "Medical marijuana cured my cancer."
The prosecution of state Sen. Don Balfour cost less than $100, excluding prosecutors' salaries.
It's entirely possible that the Democratic nominee, [Hillary Clinton], earned more money giving a single speech on Wall Street than I made the six years that I was there back in the 1980s… In fact, it's quite likely.
Says New START, passed while Clinton was secretary of state, is a "treaty cutting Russia's nuclear arms."
You had supported John McCain's military strategies pretty adamantly until this race.
Says Mahatma Gandhi once said, "First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win."
There are 300,000 babies born deformed every year in this country because of women who are alcoholics while they're carrying those children to term.
When you look at the number of crashes before the cameras were installed compared to after, they're virtually the same.
Under a new law regulating abortions, "Even if you're raped, if you don't report it in the first 30 days, the Republicans will force you to have an ultrasound."
The Pentagon's survey about the "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" policy found that 92 percent of service members "agree that they could serve ... in a unit in combat" without compromising "mission readiness."
Says he was "one of the chief architects" of balancing the federal budget.
Says the Obama administration purged "training courses and information about Islamism, jihad, Sharia, and the Muslim Brotherhood."
1 percent of Americans are millionaires. 47 percent of House Reps. are millionaires. 56 percent of Senators are millionaires.
No other public or private business in America except for the U.S. Postal Service must fund 100 percent of employee retirement and retirement health costs in advance.
Says "massive floods" led to Legionnaires' disease outbreaks at the Quincy Veterans' Home.
The tax-cut deal "adds more than $800 billion to the deficit over two years -- more than the cost of TARP and more than the cost of the Recovery Act" and about the same as health care reform.
Jason Carter's plan: increase spending by $12.5 billion.
The music industry is the biggest export from Africa after oil and gas.
Our pension system is the only one in the country that's 100 percent funded.
Newt Gingrich "has suggested" building "a mirror system in space" could improve the Earth's habitability.
When SACS came back to the DeKalb County School District to give a midterm review, we got straight A's.
Since I took office, Wisconsin now has the 2nd highest health care quality ranking in the country.
Biden preparing 2020 presidential bid -- with Obama as vice president.
90 percent of fires in Arizona are human-caused.
It's estimated we leave somewhere north of $350 billion a year - that's billion - a year on the table uncollected because IRS doesn't have the resources.
California's Central Valley and Inland Empire "are experiencing tremendous job growth."
Says a Congressional Budget Office report on spending by House Democrats in the economic stimulus concluded it "is just not stimulus. It won't help the economy grow."
Says that in 2009 ExxonMobil "paid no federal income taxes, received a $156 million rebate."
For every extra year a girl goes to school, her income goes up 12 percent.
Last week the Texas State Board of Education (SBOE), led by Rick Perry's appointee, voted to remove Thomas Jefferson from social studies textbook standards. That's right. Thomas Jefferson... was deleted from a list of historical figures who inspired political change.
We are at a 40-year low in our crime rate in our state.
Pennsylvania Federal Court grants legal authority to remove Trump after Russian Meddling.
We don't take a dime from D.C. lobbyists or special-interest PACs -- never have and never will.
More people have been put on food stamps by Barack Obama than any president in American history.
The media has "a lower approval rate than Congress."
Fact: Hillary Clinton received 80% of the vote in Pittsburgh.
700 jobs (were) lost because Allen Boyd voted for the health care bill.
There is "a constitutional issue" that affects "the paychecks of members of Congress" during a shutdown.
Attorney General Roy Cooper refuses to do his job by not defending House Bill 2 in a lawsuit.
Says Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine "want to expand (Obamacare) into a single-payer program."
Leticia Van de Putte "opposed putting National Guard troops on the border, would send millions to Central American governments instead and wrote the law giving in-state tuition to illegal immigrants."
Tommy Thompson is the father of welfare reform, creating the groundbreaking Wisconsin Works program in Wisconsin that became the model for national and international reforms.
Says many local governments in Wisconsin already require employees to pay 20 percent, 30 percent or even 40 percent of their health insurance premiums.
We have the highest corporate income tax in the world right now.
New Hampshire is currently the only state in the nation that does not have a full-service veterans hospital or equivalent access.
DeKalb County has been recognized in recent years as having one the best sheriff's departments in the nation.
Many of (Hillary Clinton's) friends took bigger deductions (than me). Warren Buffett took a massive deduction. (George) Soros, who is a friend of hers, took a massive deduction.
The Obama administration's 2013 Syria proposal "had no clear objective," while Trump's Syria strike "had a clear strategic objective."
Illegal immigrants mow the grass around the (Texas) Capitol.
We're the Sunshine State, and we're hardly doing any solar energy production.
China is "going to have twice the number of submarines we have in just over a decade."
Statistics show 2 to 3 Texas women per week have major complications and 10 women per week seek help at an ER after an abortion.
Millionaires working side by side with George Soros are bankrolling (John Kasich's) super PAC.
Says abortion is "the leading cause of death for black Americans and kills as many as 1,000 black children every day."
Says "Mike Coffman is with Trump."
I have already saved more than $700 million when I got involved in the negotiation on the F-35.
When he served as governor, Schwarzenegger preserved more land than any other gubernatorial administration in California's history.
State Rep. Elena Parent "supported Governor Nathan Deal's plan to slash the HOPE scholarship."
Franklin Roosevelt (was) the last president to come to the Congress to ask for permission to engage into war.
Veterans should vote Republican "because the damn Democrats blocked the VA Healthcare bill again."
White House ‘Resistance' mole a fake – NY Times admits they were trolled
In 1968, a full-time worker earning minimum wage, could actually support a family of three above the poverty line. Today, that same worker would earn less than the poverty line for a family of two.
$1 billion—that's how much Bruce Rauner has wasted with his budget crisis.
After Sandy Hook, Ted Cruz stopped Obama's push for new gun control laws.
There's only one of us who's actually cut government spending -- not two, there's one and you're looking at him.
Large majorities of the public "oppose major changes to Medicare" and favor higher taxes on the wealthy.
Gov. Rick Scott made it illegal for a doctor to ask a patient if they owned a gun, even a mental health professional. This law was so dangerous that a court had to strike it down.
It is a fact that it costs more to run the schools in August.
The First Amendment's the First Amendment. It goes start to finish. We can't say to one football coach you're fired if you kneel in silent prayer at the end of the game, but to a player, if you kneel in protest to a game, you're celebrated.
For the last decade, Floridians' salaries have shrunk substantially when adjusted for inflation.
An image in a Chris Abele TV ad depicts "wealthy citizens" who would benefit from a "lake" created by the controversial Estabrook Dam.
Wisconsin dropped "from second in the country to 41st" among states where more than half the students took the ACT exam.
Says "Nathan Deal killed pro-gun bills in 2013."
Did U know? Block Island Wind Farm would mean 40% est. drop in BI electric rates.
Offshore wind power is "significantly less expensive than solar energy."
In 2009, Yost spent 2.5 times more money than it took to run the (prosecutor's) office before he got there.
David Perdue said he'd raise taxes.
All Aboard Florida is receiving millions in Florida taxpayer dollars.
Says Brett Kavanaugh "refused to uphold key patient protections in the past."
The Central Falls School system "spent $100,000 on a time clock."
On whether he supports 'Don't Ask, Don't Tell.'
The Interior Department is in charge of salmon while they're in fresh water, but the Commerce Department handles them when they're in saltwater.
A few weeks ago, (the) education committee in Congress is deciding what's going to be in your local salad bar.
Says EPA regulation of greenhouse gases will endanger 575 Texas dairy facilities, 58 swine operations, 1,300 corn farms and 28,000 beef cattle operations.
For only the second time since 2000, there are more job openings than Americans who are unemployed.
Says Rick Scott "didn't even come to his own education summit. But he did take time to go to the tea party convention the same week."
A man using bath salts reported that raccoons had set fire inside his home and stolen his cell phone.
People "can't go fishing anymore because of Obama."
Says that "data from the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities suggest that the Texas budget gap is worse than New York's, about as bad as California's, but not quite up to New Jersey levels."
World's most popular candy to be removed from shelves by December 2017.
Under Scott Walker's "tax plan, the average Wisconsin taxpayer got just $11 a month. But corporations got $610 million in tax cuts. Millionaires got at least $1,400 per year."
Barack Obama has "pledged to reduce the size of the military."
true
I fought 38 Studios from the beginning.
We have been focusing so much, especially the Texas Department of Transportation, on that 97 percent of people in single-occupancy vehicles.
Job growth in the United States is now at the "fastest pace in this country's history."
Republican candidate for California governor Travis Allen "gave campaign donations to Jerry Brown, Gavin Newsom and Barbara Boxer."
Obamacare isn't helping anyone.
Independent analysts say (Donald Trump) would add $30 trillion to the national debt.
The DeWine campaign is "receiving money from so many more people. (Cordray's) money is coming almost exclusively from the party, labor unions, and special counsel that he has given business to."
All of the records, as far as I know, about what we did with health care, those are already available.
Obama administration kept illegal Mexican kids in detention camps as ‘experiment'
In the state of Rhode Island 25 percent of our current physicians are graduates of for-profit medical schools.
The National Park Service has "an annual budget that is less than the city of Austin."
The Republican replacement for Obamacare does not give massive tax cuts to wealthy Americans.
We're now spending 42 percent of our economy on government.
We're losing as many people to heroin and opioid overdoses as we lost to the AIDS epidemic at its peak.
Says Mitt Romney suggested that "employers should be able to make the decision as to whether or not a woman gets contraception through her insurance coverage."
The Confederate battle flag in South Carolina was first flown at the statehouse in 1961. "It was flown as a symbol of massive resistance to racial desegregation."
Since President Obama came into office, another 2 million Hispanics have joined the ranks of those in poverty. … The number of Hispanic children living in poverty increased by 15 percent in that short period of time.
There is debate among constitutional scholars about whether the First Amendment will continue to protect faith leaders from being forced to perform marriages against their religious beliefs.
“The Democrats have over 20 field agents to our zero."
Nationally, the unemployment rate for veterans is far greater than the national unemployment rate, and Wisconsin is "one of those rare examples where unemployment is actually lower for veterans than it is for the population as a whole and certainly lower than it is nationally."
Almost 100,000 people left Puerto Rico last year.
We've already started (the border wall). We started it in San Diego.
In Wisconsin, unions can essentially give "unlimited" contributions to political parties, but business can't give any.
Says that except for foreign policy, Ron Paul's voting record and his voting record are virtually identical.
The Obama administration "was successful in rushing a massive spending bill through Congress in just two days — after which it sat on the president's desk for three days, while he was away on vacation."
Since 1968, "more Americans have died from gunfire than died in … all the wars of this country's history."
Say Maxine Waters told CNN's Anderson Cooper that her first act as president would be to "impeach Donald Trump."
Says Texas GOP platform calls for end to teaching "critical thinking" in public schools.
Says that he did "not exactly" say that communities have the right to ban mosques.
Says federal debt "doubled during the Bush administration."
Ninety-seven percent of Americans do not receive subsidies for health care under the Affordable Care Act.
Mitt Romney, Rick Perry, and Newt Gingrich all say they would cut foreign aid to Israel — and every other country — to zero.
Georgia's HOPE scholarship is "still the richest scholarship program in America."
Says Ted Strickland supported giving $150 billion to Iranian regime that persecutes women, Christians and gays.
Says "John Loughlin voted to let people accused of domestic violence keep their guns."
Says that several times in the last 15 years, Austin City Council candidates have won seats after trailing by more than 4,000 votes in the election prompting the runoff.
It's the first time in the nation this many members have been drawn (by a Legislature) into the same districts where it wasn't a court order.
Right now we are at 90 percent health insurance covered. That's the highest we've ever been in our country.
Pepper ... kicked off a jock tax, imposing a levy on the sports and entertainment industry.
Says Mitt Romney "just gave a speech a few weeks ago" and said "we should still have troops in Iraq."
Says "any attempt to try to compare" the Massachusetts health care law with the federal health care law is "completely, intellectually dishonest. Governor Romney did not raise one tax in doing what he did."
Says Virginia, Florida and Georgia are the three states that are the principal source for gun trafficking.
The Legionella bacteria is in most water systems in Illinois.
Here in Florida, despite 14 school shootings in eight years, we still have some of the weakest gun laws in the nation.
A letter to President Donald Trump from 22 senators "is a way of saying to the president, ‘You are now under an affirmative requirement, legal requirement, to investigate' " journalist Jamal Khashoggi's disappearance and suspected murder.
Twenty percent of single adults, ages 21 to 25 with no kids, "are not working or even in school trying to find a job."
Wisconsin uses voting machines that are outlawed, they are illegal.
There's more murders with hammers last year than...shotguns and pistols and AK-47s.
Every single Democrat in the U.S. Senate has signed up for the open borders, and it's a bill, it's called the ‘open borders bill.'
Says "I've been proven right" about "Hillary Clinton's radical call for open borders, meaning anyone in the world can enter the United States without any limit at all."
Jimmy Langevin is having a fundraiser . . . to retire the debt from his campaign for secretary of state, which was 12 years ago.
Says "the latest polls show us tied neck-and-neck" with Sen. Ted Cruz.
Washington cannot hide from the fact that Congress hiked the national debt ceiling to $14.3 trillion. They cannot hide from the fact . . . that the budget that they're going forward with has more than a $5 trillion in debt in it over the next five years.
Says in January 1992, George H. W. Bush "probably had a 90 percent or even higher approval rating after the first Gulf War."
Says he holds the record for "most appearances on 'Meet the Press'."
We just had someone last week in Neenah near a school kill someone with a bow and arrow.
In Wisconsin, Gov. Scott Walker has created a manufacturing-led jobs recovery. 30,000 new jobs were created this year, with 15,000 created in the struggling manufacturing sector.
More college graduates are living at home than in decades.
Sixty million Americans depend on Social Security, and one-third of all the seniors in America depend on Social Security for 90 percent of their income.
Obama "voted against critical resources: no to individual body armor, no to helicopters, no to ammunition, no to aircraft."
This year, 97 Missouri counties have only one insurer participating in the Obamacare exchanges. Last year, every Missouri county had at least two insurance options. In addition, most Missourians will see an increase in their premiums, with some facing an increase upward of 40 percent
George Holding has voted 13 times to deny Kevin, and the 300,000 people like him in the 2nd Congressional District, coverage for their pre-existing conditions.
You know what Amazon paid in federal income taxes last year? Zero.
We've had 27 (Ebola) outbreaks around the globe and they've never spread outside of the confines of the countries that were initially affected.
The 'Denver Post' has actually hired an editor to promote pot.
When President Barack Obama said ISIS, or ISIL, was contained, he "was responding very specifically to the geographic expansion of ISIL in Iraq and Syria."
ISIS is "now the predominant Islamist group in Benghazi."
It's "typical" for a presidential candidate to release 10 or 11 years of tax returns.
Georgia has recovered more than $60 million that was lost to Medicaid fraud
Says under Wisconsin law, he cannot remove his name from the ballot for re-election to Congress.
As governor, in the face of partisan attacks, (Charlie Crist) had the courage to save jobs and lead his state into economic recovery.
Four years after Gov. Andrew Cuomo promised universal pre-K, "79 percent of 4-year olds outside New York City lack full-day pre-K."
Once a woman enters into the sex trade, her average life expectancy is seven years.
I was among the earliest to criticize the rush to war (in Iraq), and yes, even before the war ever started.
Says Sen. Jeanne Shaheen's "wealth has surged while in public office."
60 percent of the jobs lost in the 2008 recession were living-wage jobs. Of the jobs we've gotten back, only 40 percent are living-wage.
It's been proven over and over again Medicaid has the worst outcomes in the industrialized world as far as the quality of health care.
Planned Parenthood has "now (been) found to also illegally sell baby parts."
After I had resigned or announced my resignation, I abolished -- I prohibited pay-to-play for people that had county or state contracts.
Kathy Manning got "$30 million of your tax dollars plus $2.3 million a year" to build a luxury hotel and parking lot
I argued for years that we need to move from a 'Musharraf policy' to a 'Pakistan policy.' 
Federal law adopted "under Tommy Thompson's watch" prohibits the government from negotiating for "better prices" on prescription drugs for senior citizens
Taking the Fifth Amendment in a deposition about the Columbia/HCA hospital chain he founded "means a truthful answer to the questions that (Rick Scott) was asked would incriminate him."
The recent process of awarding $3 billion worth of airport vending contracts was the "most open and transparent procurement process in the city's history."
Wisconsin's pension system is the "only one fully funded in the country."
Minimum wage = $16,000/year CEO-Goldman Sachs (Lloyd Blankfein) $16,000/Hour.
Georgia Public Service Commission member Stan Wise "has received about 95 percent of his campaign money from the utilities he is supposed to be regulating."
An aide "acted on his own" and "was not representing the Thompson campaign" when he sent an email criticizing the sexual orientation of U.S. Senate candidate Tammy Baldwin.
Despite President Barack Obama's promise to cut healthcare costs, "the average cost of a family policy is up $1,300."
The law, right now, permits companies that close down American factories and offices and move those jobs overseas to take a tax deduction for the costs associated with moving the jobs to China or India or wherever.
As CFO, Alex Sink oversaw "a $27 billion loss in the state's pension fund."
The price tag amounted to nearly $4,200 for every man, woman and child in the state.
Since 1980, over 145 incidents have been documented of suction entrapment in swimming pools and spas, including 36 deaths of children.
Californians pay "the highest electricity bills" in the nation.
Since 1965, California has built "six (college) campuses but 23 prisons."
In 2008, Maggie Hassan voted against legislation to "prevent sanctuary cities in New Hampshire."
I come from the poorest ZIP code in San Antonio.
Obama "voted for ... $3-million for an overhead projector at a planetarium in Chicago."
George Bush never suggested that we eliminate funding for Planned Parenthood.
Says with the ongoing economic downturn, child abuse is on the rise.
The U.S. State Department has ordered 160,000 Hazmat suits for Ebola, prompting concerns that the federal government is anticipating the rapid spread of the virus.
One-third of all bank tellers (are) on public assistance.
Prior to Obamacare here in Wisconsin, 95 percent of Wisconsinites were covered by insurance. After Obamacare, 95 percent of Wisconsinites were covered by insurance. It hasn't had an impact.
Prop 56 cheats schools out of at least $600 million.
Says "precisely zero terrorists, terrorist groups or terror plots have ever been connected with the U.S.-Mexico border to do harm to people within the United States."
Says in the 2012 State of the Union address, President Obama "didn't even mention the deficit or debt."
As a congressman, Mark Neumann "voted four times to increase our debt."
Says America spends "over 17 percent of its GDP on health care costs when our closest competitor nations are spending about 12."
I have never supported cap and trade.
The five Guantanamo detainees swapped for Bowe Bergdahl "are right now back on the battlefield."
Under the House health care bill, Medicaid spending "actually goes up 20 percent over the next 10 years."
Gov. Lincoln Chafee has imposed "a mandatory abortion fee" on all Rhode Islanders who buy health insurance through the state's Obamacare exchange.
The U.S. economy "is three times as big as China's."
In the entire public school system in Camden last year, only three students graduated college ready.
On whether higher federal deficits are acceptable.
A transcript released by Occidental College proves that Barack Obama was an Indonesian citizen.
In the Senate, (Mike) DeWine voted with Hillary Clinton to let illegal immigrants receive Social Security. And in Ohio, DeWine allowed illegal immigrants to receive driver's licenses.
President Barack Obama "reduced the cost of prescription drugs for nearly 3.6 million Americans in 2011."
Health reform eliminates co-pays, deductibles, and other costs for preventative care and provides for free annual wellness checkups starting next year.
We know dangerous criminals can slip through immigration at airports just like ours. Yet Joe Donnelly stood right here with the radical left against all efforts to secure our most vulnerable entry points.
Scientists tell us that we could have a cure in 10 years for Alzheimer's were it not for "overzealous regulators, excessive taxation and greedy litigators."
A black male baby born today, if we do not change the system, stands a one-in-three chance (of) ending up in jail.
Cranston's 2014-2015 "budget funds 100 percent of the local police and fire pension and other retiree benefit costs."
I cut taxes 23 times when I was mayor of New York City.
No other Northeastern state has passed a photo ID law
Firearms homicides are down about 40 percent since Texas passed concealed-gun permit law.
If we had the same staffing ratio (of officers to residents) as Seattle, we'd have 300 more officers in our department."
There are over 100 pipelines between the United States and Canada right now.
Right now, we only keep 50 percent of Georgia Tech's graduates.
Says "Scott Walker wants to ban common forms of birth control, including the pill."
Says Amanda Fritz "manages less than 5 percent of city operations."
It used to be that the only children at school who weren't vaccinated were those who had true medical conditions. "Now there are 19 states that allow personal belief exemptions."
Republicans have " won a thousand seats since Obamacare."
Says Austin trains are "full" at rush hour and "packed" for special events.
We're No. 1 in child hunger.
Florida ranks 45th in the nation for tuition.
Says Texas' unemployment rate has doubled on Rick Perry's watch.
You can't get on an airplane, but more than 2,000 people on that list have been able to buy a gun.
The sanctions that we put on (Russia) for the Crimea annexation and meddling in Ukraine ... have absolutely crushed the ruble by 50 percent. And GDP from 2014 to 2016 is 50 percent down in Russia, as well.
The Republican leadership in the House has refused to address the issues that matter the most to Rhode Island, such as passing a jobs bill.
I saw my father march with Martin Luther King.
Every engine manufacturer in the United States is now in the state of Texas.
Says a Josh Hawley lawsuit "would take away important prescription drug coverage for seniors through Medicare and end all of the consumer protections under the ACA."
We could save all the oil that they're talking about getting off drilling, if everybody was just inflating their tires and getting regular tune-ups.
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, 71.2 percent of Hispanic registered voters in Texas and over 86 percent of African American registered voters participated in the 2012 elections.
Says "TriMet's own analysis shows that YouthPass does not actually add to the transit agency's costs."
The U.S. Postal Service doesn't run on your tax dollars. It's funded solely by stamps and postage.
Says Sen. Mitch McConnell is "the No. 1 recipient of contributions from lobbyists this cycle."
Well over 90 percent of felony cases, all over the nation, are committed by defendants who grew up in father-absent households.
According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), about 120 Americans on average die from a drug overdose every day. Overall, drug overdose deaths now outnumber deaths from firearms.
We have record numbers of people living in poverty.
America is a nation of builders. We built the Empire State Building in just one year. Isn't it a disgrace that it can now take 10 years just to get a minor permit approved for the building of a simple road?
The current debate over authorizing military action against the Islamic State "would be the first time Congress would place limits on the commander-in-chief's ability to be commander-in-chief."
There are more people killed with baseball bats and hammers than are killed with guns.
Florida's high school graduation rate falls well below the national average.
Said Planned Parenthood's early objective was to "help kill black babies before they came into the world."
Five percent of Americans pay over half the income taxes in this country. Forty percent of Americans pay no income taxes at all.
Says Israel Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu "didn't change his position" on a two-state solution.
Under Obama's plan (for welfare), you wouldn't have to work and wouldn't have to train for a job. They just send you your welfare check.
76 percent of Americans want a public health care option.
Any child born prematurely, according to the president, in his own words, can be killed.
"As a state rep, I was considered the fourth-most conservative in the Legislature.”	half true"
Says that in his first 17 months as president, the United States doubled its world-leading $500 million a year commitment to fighting global AIDS.
Says President Barack Obama's recent New York fundraising trip "cost between $25 million and $50 million."
Says "Austin has the lowest property tax rate by far of the five major cities in Texas."
In just a few decades, Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid, other mandatory spending programs, and paying interest due on the debt will eclipse our entire budget.
Says he is "one of America's leading consumer lawyers."
Says he "restored prayer and the pledge in our schools."
Says he can be on the ballot for Congress while serving time in jail.
No private business was conducted on public property. That issue is a contract dispute.
Says Scott Walker runs a state government that bans "employees from talking about climate change."
The world food demand is going to double sometime between now and 2070.
Says House Republicans "tried to change the definition of rape."
Through the Clinton Foundation, "the Clintons are now worth in excess of $100 million."
Now remember, property taxes went up 70 percent in the 10 years before I became governor.
Most Americans are now getting their news from Facebook.
Tennessee students now cover about 67 percent of the cost of their education at public universities, and some 60 percent at community colleges.
8 Syrians caught at Texas border in Laredo.
McCain tells of a fellow Vietnam POW who was beaten for fashioning an American flag that became an inspirational symbol to fellow POWs.
The extra point is almost automatic. … (The NFL) had five missed extra points this year out of 1,200 some odd attempts.
Tampa is "the strip club capital of the world."
There are 86 languages spoken at Miami Dade College.
Uncompensated care has "gone down by 30 percent just in the first few months" of Medicaid expansion in the states that adopted it.
North Carolina is home to "two rivers of the top five most polluted rivers" in the U.S.
George Allen's flat tax "plan would actually shrink revenues further than the Perry (flat tax) plan."
Saudi Arabia to Behead 6 School Girls for Being With Their Male Friends Without Parents or a Guardian
Only nine coalition nations with the U.S. "are truly actively involved" in fighting the Islamic State.
President Obama has "stopped using the phrase 'war on terror.' "
As a result of Obamacare, we are becoming something of a part-time employment country.
Thanks to actions by the Milwaukee County Board on the 2013 budget, the amount of county taxes on the average home in the city of Milwaukee "would be a $19 decrease."
In Chicago, school is never canceled because of winter weather.
ShopRite will lose about 300 employees "voluntarily and through layoffs" due to the beverage tax.
Susan Rice arrested for criminal ‘unmasking' of Trump officials.
North Carolina spends $855 less per student than it did before the Great Recession, and we have one of the lowest per pupil spending levels in the nation.
Bill McCollum on the Arizona immigration law.
Says Barack Obama began his presidency "with an apology tour."
Says Airbnb "decreases real estate values and increases costs for workforce housing."
One in every three women has an abortion during her lifetime.
Metro on whether it could use bond money for restoration.
Says Bernie Sanders "fundamentally changed the lives" of Immokalee farm workers in Florida for the better.
By 2006, the American people were overwhelmingly against the Iraq War.
Because of violence spreading from Mexico, "you've got bullets hitting the city hall in El Paso. You've got bombs exploding in El Paso."
All charter schools are not-for-profit.
The United States is 3rd in murders throughout the world. If you remove Chicago, Detroit, Washington, St. Louis and New Orleans, the United States is then 189th out of 193 countries in the entire world.
What the District of Columbia was trying to do (with its handgun ban) was to protect toddlers from guns.
We now have a pro-American president in France, which shows if you live long enough, anything can happen in this world.
Federal government reneging on Medicaid payments to Wisconsin caused about $240 million in extra costs in the 2013-'15 state budget.
The Clinton Foundation gives less than 10 (percent in direct aid). In 2013, they raised 140 million bucks, gave $9 million to people in direct aid.
Says "the City of Portland alone has 84 public relation representatives on payroll which cost taxpayers over $6.2 million (a year)."
A Republican housing finance reform bill "would eliminate a person's ability to obtain 15- and 30-year mortgages."
Hillary Clinton said gun confiscation "would be worth considering."
Phoenix is the kidnapping capital "of the Western Hemisphere."
Health care reform: "Everything about it is going to raise costs, raise taxes and lower the quality of health care."
In the past three years, "we've added enough new oil and gas pipeline to circle the Earth and then some."
Edwards says if Congress won't pass universal health care, he'll tell Congress: "I'm going to use my power as president to take your health care away from you."
You've got a building in the Cayman Islands that supposedly houses 12,000 corporations. That's either the biggest building or the biggest tax scam on record.
The Colorado caucus system for selecting Republican delegates is "rigged."
Worldwide credit card transactions, the credit card fraud rate is 0.04 percent, compared to almost 8 percent, 9 percent, 10 percent of Medicare fraud.
During the recession, "the consumer in his native perversity has begun to save. The savings rate is now 6.2 percent."
We've seen highway fatalities actually decrease in Colorado since marijuana use was legalized.
The Republican-authored state budget includes a provision "forcing people earning as little as $12,000 to buy private health insurance that could cost them as much as $4,000 per year."
Travis County now has the highest urban county tax rate in Texas.
As many as a quarter of our students aren't even finishing high school.
Wisconsin is "the most -- if not Number 1, number 2 -- gerrymandered state in the country" for state legislative boundaries.
Says Mitt Romney "has a corporation in Bermuda (but) failed to disclose that on seven different financial disclosures."
The Libertarian Party "is the third-largest political party in the U.S."
The Capitol was built by slaves.
The Dolphins stadium renovation will "create more than 4,000 new local jobs."
Over the history of Austin, it's always gotten more expensive.
"The fact is that although we have had a president who is opposed to abortion over the last eight years, abortions have not gone down.''	false"
Seniors will have to find $12,500 for health care because Republicans voted to end Medicare.
The delay in school testing "was not that of a vendor, the problem was not that of the test materials itself, it was the product of a cyber attack."
Says Wisconsin Democrats during the previous administration adopted "double-digit tax increases."
The Republican candidate [John Loughlin] has talked about privatizing Social Security ... so we know where he stands on the issue.
The senior senator from Arizona (John McCain) said he couldn't support repealing 'don't ask, don't tell' because of the economy.
Property taxes are lower right now than they were in December 2010 on a median-valued home in Wisconsin.
Miller Brewing is not a U.S. company any more. Neither is Anheuser-Busch.
We have tougher standards holding toy gun manufacturers and sellers to account than we do for real guns.
Two weeks ago, a man entered the world's busiest airport in Atlanta, Georgia, carrying a loaded AR-15 automatic weapon with an extended-capacity, 100-round magazine.
With the auto rescue, President Barack Obama "saved more than 1 million middle-class jobs all across America," including more than 28,000 in Wisconsin.
The president has had 1,540 of his nominations confirmed, only four defeated.
Trump's Android device believed to be source of recent White House leaks.
Obama's 2012 policy on younger immigrants "created these children coming across" the border.
Former President George W. Bush and former Vice President Dick Cheney are "unable to visit Europe due to outstanding warrants."
Says Beto O'Rourke "voted to shield MS-13 gang members from deportation."
Tens of thousands of Atlanta households pay more than 30 percent of their income towards rent.
If you are born poor in America, we rank ninth or tenth in our citizens' ability to climb up through that ladder and get themselves into the middle class.
The 90 percent statistic of supporting background checks, that's been debunked.
Jason Aldean gig canceled after he sells out to liberals on ‘SNL'.
Republicans extended unemployment insurance under President Bush "when he asked to extend unemployment insurance."
If the state turns down money for high-speed rail, it will "kill nearly 10,000 permanent Wisconsin jobs."
Creflo Dollar needed a $65 million Gulfstream G650 to carry thousands of pounds of food and other supplies -- as well as the Word of God -- worldwide.
Says 25 percent of Austin's public school buildings are "underutilized."
Wisconsin's monthly job reports have a "margin of error" of 75 percent and were "way off" in eight of first 10 months of 2011.
Claims that Obama said, "For those who oppose our policies, you should just shut up and go away."
Says an array of statistics show that conditions in some parts of Baltimore rival that of "the West Bank in Palestine," "North Korea," and "distressed cities in Nigeria, India, China and South Africa."
Says he was known as "Veto Corleone" for cutting spending as Florida governor.
Says a "Canadian provincial prime minister came to Ohio for his medical treatment because of the delay in Canadian health care which would have endangered his life."
Says "all my grandparents" immigrated to America.
In her first appellate argument, Ms. Kagan told the court that the speech and press guarantees in the First Amendment would allow the federal government to ban the publication of pamphlets discussing political issues before an election.
Of the 25 wealthiest nations, we're the only one that doesn't provide basic health coverage.
Says Rick Scott "is letting Duke (Energy) keep collecting billions" despite troubled power plants.
Says Peter Kilmartin voted "in favor of expanding the 'good behavior' statute to sex offenders."
My campaign "finished the last quarter reporting the most cash on hand of any Republican in the field … $13.8 million in the bank, $3.5 million more than the Jeb Bush campaign."
In the three months before the act took effect, America lost 750,000 jobs a month. In the last three months, we've lost about 35,000 jobs a month.
Put simply, less government spending equals more private sector jobs.
Proximity to high-voltage power lines lowers property values by as much as 30 percent.
This year, Newt Gingrich "has raised as much money as Mitt Romney, Tim Pawlenty, Sarah Palin, and Mike Huckabee combined."
We're spending 18 percent of our GDP on healthcare while the average among industrialized countries is closer to 8 percent.
A lot of what (Cuba's) survival depends on is Venezuelan oil money, which is drying up.
Says the "largest tax increase in American history is set to occur on January 1st unless President Obama and Congress can come to an agreement."
There is not one single federal housing program yet that has not needed a bailout to survive.
With one stroke of his pen, President Bush has denied health insurance to 3.8 million kids who were due to get it under this bipartisan expansion of the Children's Health Insurance Program.
Georgia is on track for 1,200 traffic fatalities this year, a reversal of nine years of declines.
Says the Ohio Consumers' Council office employs 74 lawyers and that the funding them is wasteful duplication.
Thanks to restrictive and anticompetitive ballot laws, candidates in November 2014 ran unopposed in nearly half of Wisconsin's state representative races but in Michigan and Minnesota nearly all races had challengers.
Seven presidents before (Barack Obama) -- Republicans and Democrats -- tried to expand health care to all Americans.
Salaries for Virginia's teachers are below the national average.
Says Gov. Doug Ducey wants to use "taxpayer dollars to increase the salaries of private prison guards."
Says it cost Massachusetts taxpayers $100,000 when Mitt Romney and his staff purchased computer hard drives.
Says Hillary Clinton supported and continues to "support fracking."
Sen. Bob Menendez voted to enact a new tax on the sale of homes of 3.8%.
College tuition "costs have risen by 25 percent under the Democrats."
A woman working full-time is paid 79 to 80 cents for every dollar a man is paid, and it's even less for women of color, and on average $11,000 per year is lost simply because she isn't a man.
Secure Communities "has a proven track record of enhancing public safety by focusing on violent offenders and those that pose a threat to our communities and our national security."
Crist sent his "top policy staffer to the House Committee to testify in support of the proposal," then vetoed the bill.
Nobody's addicted to marijuana.
Says a photograph shows Seattle Seahawks player Michael Bennett burning the United States flag.
Under Obama, the national debt "has been reduced every year for the last five years."
Adolf Hitler confiscated all the weapons — took all the weapons, had a registry of everybody — and then on the night of June 30, 1934, sent out his secret police and murdered all of his political opponents.
Since 2000, when he entered politics, Jon Husted has been on the ballot six times for three different political offices.
We are seeing kids who are healthier.
The geography of poverty has changed fundamentally in the last 15 years, with more of it concentrated in fragile and conflict states.
The people of Rhode Island don't want same-sex marriage.
Says Florida U.S. Reps. Corrine Brown, Alcee Hastings and Frederica Wilson are Socialists.
Two million new jobs have been created, in California since 2011.
The state covered a smaller percentage of the cost of K-12 education in 2013 than it did in 2002.
African Americans in Missouri are 75 percent more likely to be stopped and searched by law enforcement officers than caucasians.
Says Tony Evers wants to give in-state tuition and drivers licenses to "illegal aliens."
There's been a 1,700 percent increase in asylum claims over the last 10 years.
Because of the 2011 debt ceiling fight, "the stock market lost 2,000 points."
Says Hillary Clinton's "been very clear where she stands on trade."
Says GOP recall challenger Kim Simac "was delinquent paying her property taxes eight of the last nine years."
In 2008, when Flint had 265 sworn officers on their police force, there were 35 murders and 91 rapes in this city. In 2010, when Flint had only 144 police officers, the murder rate climbed to 65, and rapes … climbed to 229.
Florida "remains the top travel destination across the world."
Says "Patrick Murphy is the only candidate to have voted against every measure to fund Zika."
Says the state auditor found that 37 percent of the 428,000 students receiving free and reduced-price lunches are ineligible.
We've had the lowest health care inflation in history because of Obamacare.
President Obama has spent over $2 million in legal fees defending lawsuits about his birth certificate.
Says Ted Kennedy met "with the KGB in order to beat Ronald Reagan in 1984."
We cut property taxes by one-third in the state of Texas while I've been governor.
Georgia's high school graduation rate topped 80 percent in 2010.
There's now been three independent investigations (into the bridge scandal) all of which have said that Christie did not have prior knowledge of or involvement in the lane closures.
80 percent of the (individual mandate) tax falls on those who make $50,000 a year or less.
Says Barack Obama said, "If we keep talking about the economy, we're going to lose."
Says there's no proven instance where hydraulic fracking has polluted groundwater.
Our race was the closest U.S. Senate race in Ohio in 36 years -- when Howard Metzenbaum defeated Robert Taft in 1976.
As a state representative, David Cicilline argued against Megan's Law and voted against mandatory registration of sex offenders.
Says the first word spoken from the moon was "Houston."
Says Sherrod Brown "votes 97 percent with Chuck Schumer, almost 95 plus percent with Elizabeth Warren."
Between 2000 and 2010, the illegal immigrant population of Texas increased by 60 percent, while California and Florida had "no increase."
Says Matt Bevin has repeatedly failed to pay his taxes.
If the government shuts down, "all military personnel will continue to serve and accrue pay but will not actually be paid until appropriations are available."
Last year, we produced 14 percent less oil on public lands than we did the year before.
Senator McCain voted against the Bush tax cuts. Now he's for them.
The so-called doc fix in the fiscal cliff deal will cut payments "for treating illnesses disproportionately impacting minorities, including end stage renal disease and diabetes."
Miami-Dade is "the first community in the world to break the cycle of local transmission of the Zika virus."
Had the online change of address been in place in 2008 an estimated 130,000 voters who cast provisional ballots could have changed their address online and voted a regular ballot.
For the first time since the Korean War, total federal spending has gone down for two years in a row.
Says "right now, we have more military spending than the next 10, 11, 12 countries combined."
Says Texas U.S. Rep. John Culberson "was caught using campaign cash on collectibles, including Civil War memorabilia and fossils."
The majority last quarter of Sherrod Brown's campaign contributions came from outside of the state of Ohio.
TriMet is "spending 4.2 million in fed funds to save $168K per year."
Says because of Hurricane Sandy in Atlantic City "much of that boardwalk no longer exists -- just the pillars where the boardwalk used to be."
Says 11 soccer players on the U.S. Men's National Team are immigrants.
The Milwaukee County executive can sell the public "museum, the airport and the zoo" -- all on his own, without County Board approval
Nearly 180,000 illegal immigrants with criminal records, ordered deported from our country, are tonight roaming free to threaten peaceful citizens.
Corporations have NEVER made as much money as they are making now.
Taxes for every New Yorker are lower today than when I started
Wind powers nearly 13 million homes across the country.
In Catherine Cortez Masto's last term as attorney general, Nevada murder went up 11 percent, robbery went up 28 percent, rape 51 percent. When Cortez Masto left office, Nevada ranked as America's third most dangerous state.
Forty percent of the undocumented workers in this country entered the U.S. legally and "overstayed their visa."
In Wisconsin, "6.2 percent of the population is black yet 24 percent of all state abortions are on African-Americans."
I don't think that Rudy or Fred or John McCain support the marriage amendment.
Texas has "the nation's highest rate and highest number of uninsured."
Our unemployment rate is now lower than it was before the financial crisis.
I'm proud to say that under my administration, as you just heard, we will be building the first new heavy icebreakers the United States has seen in over 40 years.
Foreign Trade Zones allow U.S. "land to be inhabited by Chinese communists -- communists straight from China! They are to set up little towns and live here."
The GOP tax plan "Sabotages the health care of 13 MILLION Americans."
Says in 2012 "Obama won in every state that did not require a photo ID and lost in every state that did require a photo ID in order to vote."
On allowing a vote on universal gun background checks in the U.S. Senate.
On resigning from the Texas Railroad Commission.
Says "Karen Handel's office budget increased a whopping 42 percent."
Western New Yorkers pay some of the highest property taxes in the state.
Here in Philadelphia murder has been steady — I mean — just terribly increasing.
Says Debbie Wasserman Schultz "has these offshore accounts" like Mitt Romney.
Says 90 percent of Americans and 74 percent of National Rifle Association members support background checks of gun purchasers.
Says the concealed carry bill would allow residents of certain states to "travel to your community and walk right into a school zone with a loaded weapon, no matter what local laws say."
New Jersey's citizens are working at the highest rate in three years.
I am still waiting for someone to produce pieces of the alleged plane that caused the Twin Towers to collapse.
Half of all CEOs say that the shutdown and the threat of shutdown set back their plans to hire over the next six months.
State agencies have not identified one single instance where groundwater has been damaged due to hydraulic fracking.
Since 1990, production of metals in the U.S. has held roughly constant, but the number of people employed in the industry has fallen steadily.
Says Bernie Sanders "wins California landslide, But ⅔ of his votes aren't counted."
The problem with raising tax rates on the wealthiest Americans is that more than half of them are small business owners.
McCain "still thinks it's okay when women don't earn equal pay for equal work."
A Gallup report recently said that nearly 50 percent of small business owners aren't hiring because of what they call ‘regulatory uncertainty.'
Says "Jeb Bush has released 10 percent of his emails."
Florida is "second in the nation in the uninsured."
Says there have been 50 million abortions since Roe v. Wade was decided.
San Antonio has seen "67% growth" in water customers "in the last 25 years, 0% more water used."
Says Mary Landrieu voted to fund benefits for illegal immigrants ahead of veterans.
A Muslim immigrant in Michigan can list his second, third or fourth wives as "extended family" and qualify for welfare.
When White House communications director Anita Dunn said that Mao Tse-tung was "one of her favorite philosophers, only Fox News picked that up."
Due to the sequester, "people are going to be unsafe. Homes are going to burn."
In Galveston, Texas, they have allowed people to privatize part of their Social Security. And people are building wealth.
Says "Essex County residents suffer the second highest property taxes in the nation."
The auditor [for the city of Providence] was not locked out of access to the city's finances.
Hillary Clinton invented ISIS with her stupid policies. She is responsible for ISIS.
Says that when he was governor of Utah, he worked with the state Legislature to create a flat tax that "cut income taxes by 30 percent."
Says gas pumps in different parts of Texas are missing state inspection stickers and/or their inspections are out of date--and that's cheating consumers.
The gun industry is "the only business in America that is wholly protected from any kind of liability."
The Senate health care bill "would leave 24 million people without insurance coverage."
When Abraham Lincoln made the Gettysburg Address speech, the great speech, do you know he was ridiculed? He was ridiculed.
Burka clad woman runs over baby, gets away with crime for one stunning reason ...
We've got close to 7 million Americans who have access to health care for the first time because of Medicaid expansion.
Says Sam Houston opposed slavery and as governor said Texas should not leave the union over slavery.
Says Texas House rules authorized by the Texas Constitution supersede the state law permitting anyone to record a public government meeting.
We supported the first new nuclear power plant in three decades.
In Florida, illegal immigration costs taxpayers nearly $4 billion (a year). This amounts to $700 for every household in Florida.
President Obama has left the U.S. with the lowest number of active-duty troops since before World War II, putting the nation at risk.
The Atlanta streetcar is expected to create 930 jobs during construction, totaling more than 5,600 jobs over the next 20 years.
Says Mitt Romney has flip-flopped on his support for President Reagan's policies.
In year No. 1, 14 million Americans lose coverage, according to the CBO.
I cut state spending more than anybody (in the 2016 GOP field).
Two-thirds of the people who use Medicaid are poor children, but two-thirds of the money is for long-term care for seniors, whether in a facility or at home.
The governor must inform the Senate president about his or her absence from the state.
I signed the largest single tax cut in the history of Florida, a $25 billion tax cut over five years, directed at property tax cuts.
Georgia has one of the nation's highest jet fuel taxes.
Says Bill Nelson "doesn't pay payroll taxes for his employees. He doesn't even provide them with health benefits. It's stealing money from Medicare and Social Security."
We don't have any chess grandmasters in the United States.
Marijuana and THC "have caused emergency room visits to skyrocket."
When George W. Bush was governor of Texas, "the percentage uninsured went down." Under his successor, Rick Perry, "it's gone up."
Says he "often" appeared on The O'Reilly Factor and "often was praised" by Bill O'Reilly.
Says Rick Perry wrote a letter "supporting Hillarycare."
Under Gov. Kasich, Ohio wages have increased by $10.3 billion.
Our tax code is so complicated it extracts $140 billion in extra tax preparation costs every year - one thousand dollars for every American family.
Says Jeff Wentworth, bending the rules, "has used $211,743.96 in campaign contributions to lease luxury cars."
If you make more than $250,000 a year … you only really take home about $125,000.
Say Ohio Reps. Marcia Fudge, Marcy Kaptur and Dennis Kucinich are "socialists who are openly serving in the U.S. Congress."
Says a new report proves the stimulus supported by N.J. Democrats cost $278,000 per job.
Henry Kissinger "said that we should meet with Iran — guess what — without precondition."
The Medicaid expansion is "going to cost Florida $1.9 billion a year."
8 years of the Clintons, major losses for Democrats across the nation.
Seventy of Ohio's 88 counties now have more than 25 percent of their residents eligible for emergency food.
Says a "recent analysis" showed that 91 percent of Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) recipients are employed, in school or serving in the military.
Bill Richardson is the only major Democratic candidate with a plan to withdraw all American troops from Iraq. All of the other major Democratic candidates support leaving American troops in Iraq indefinitely.
Says the Austin school district "enjoys the highest per-student funding of all large Texas districts" even after forwarding tax revenue to the state.
Obamacare insurance cooperative failures "should be expected" because they're like any business, and "when you start businesses in America, at the fifth year, half of the businesses have closed."
Says his administration has created "5 million jobs … over the last 30 months in the private sector alone."
Says Michigan congressional candidate Elissa Slotkin "just parachuted into the district to run for Congress" and "admitted that she doesn't know our area."
Says that even if you have no children, "under Obamacare, you would still have to carry insurance that covers pediatric, maternity and newborn care even though you do not need it."
Muslims tried to use Sharia law to influence court decisions in New Jersey and Oklahoma
Of course you've got a low unemployment rate when people've got to work two and three jobs just to make ends meet.
Of the more than 1.3 million temporary mortgage modifications, over half have defaulted.
We have 10,000 baby boomers retiring every day.
Says PolitiFact "validated and independently documented" its "criminal history" claims about Adan Ballesteros.
The Congressional Budget Office -- supposedly non-partisan -- estimates that in just a few years the average cost to every family of four (from cap and trade) will be $6,800 per year.
Many types of fish and shellfish from waters across the state are labeled unsafe to eat.
Says the national health care law puts federal "bureaucrats between an American citizen and her doctor."
Says Rick Scott's proposal for election reform "only mandates 48 hours of early voting."
Since 1978, California has spent $5 billion to put 13 people to death.
Alabama state police arrest 3 poll workers in Birmingham.
On counting state budget shortfalls
Only 14 percent of Americans were able to keep these individual market plans for two years before Obamacare became law.
NASA says an asteroid bigger than a football pitch is heading towards Earth.
As a former federal prosecutor, I prosecuted over 4,000 cases.
Under the Affordable Care Act, anyone on Medicare who is admitted to a hospital for observation will be responsible for the bill. Medicare won't pay a cent.
Says "Nick Rahall voted with Obama 94 percent of the time."
Says President Barack Obama's approval rating "gained 3 points in the last couple months."
Gov. Scott Walker (is) more than halfway to (his) 250,000 jobs goal.
Our state economic development agency under Walker, WEDC, actually isn't even using the funds that are appropriated to it.
There are"thousands of Georgia workers that are misclassified as independent contractors," who lose benefits, including health care.
Says Connie Mack IV co-sponsored a bill to "take a third of the Social Security Trust Fund ... give it in individual accounts to the senior citizens, who then were to invest it in the stock market."
Chris Christie "cut equal pay for women, calling it 'senseless bureaucracy.' "
Says Wisconsin ‘could compel' Foxconn to install solar panels that would power 33,000 homes.
Republicans in Congress are plotting to take away Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security.
Since Scott Walker has been our governor, we've gone from 50 percent state funding for the University of Wisconsin System "to 15 percent."
After enactment of the Republican tax bill, "school teachers can no longer deduct the cost of their classroom supplies on their taxes."
The Stupak Amendment doesn't just say you can't use your federal insurance subsidy to pay for an abortion, it says, if you're getting a federal subsidy of any kind, you're not allowed to buy an insurance plan that covers abortion even with your own money.
Of six Rhode Island tax-credit programs worth about $35 million, "three companies got 90 percent of that -- CVS and two companies not even located in the state of Rhode Island."
Says Ohio Gov. John Kasich had "the worst rating on spending of any governor in the country, Republican or Democrat."
In my home state, nearly one in five Floridians live in poverty.
Since we took office, we have been outpacing the nation in job growth.
Says photo of man shows "diseases coming across the border."
500 percent more traffic here?
Says his proposed education spending "is the highest state funding level in Florida history."
Wendy Davis "was just doing a fund-raiser in Chicago with the international socialists organization."
Over the last 40 years, this country's prison population has grown by 500 percent.
Romney signed government-mandated health care with taxpayer-funded abortions.
Gains in Atlanta Public Schools scores on a national standardized test lend credence to "dramatic" score increases on state tests.
When you look at the earned income tax credit, it has about a 25 percent fraud rate. We're looking at $20 billion to $30 billion.
Says there is a report "that showed that, should we move to cover more people to a Medicare for All system, we could actually save the system trillions over an extended period of time."
Says Gov. Scott Walker "has made Wisconsin 2nd in the nation in losing jobs."
Says "Sasha Obama's racist anti-white rant just got her expelled."
California Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom was "for (high-speed rail), before he's against it, and then he's for it again."
Hillary Clinton has third heart attack — docs says she ‘won't survive'.
Trade deals threaten "India's role as the pharmacy of the developing world" for new HIV medicines.
Most of the U.S. Senate is comprised of multimillionaires.
Our courts find that 80 percent of those who do file for asylum aren't qualified for it, do not merit that relief.
As Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton laundered money to Bill Clinton through Laureate Education, while Bill Clinton was an honorary chairman of the group.
The rate in which people are working (in Wisconsin) is almost five points higher than it is nationally.
Mitt Romney "gave away his father's inheritance."
The president referred to the Syrian opposition just a few months ago as pharmacists and doctors, and so on.
We spend more money on antacids than we do on politics.
Oregon concealed gun applications include "home phone numbers, home address, Social Security numbers, what kinds of guns you have in the house … whether you were dishonorably discharged from the military, what controlled substances you are taking and were you ever accused of -- accused, mind you -- of stalking."
Says U.S. Senate opponent Tammy Baldwin supported a federal budget "that spent trillions -- not billions, trillions -- more money than the Obama budget."
Wisconsin's criminal threshold for drunken-driving is "way out of line" with "states surrounding us," which "have the second offense as a felony."
Says the Democratic Party created a debate schedule "to maximize the opportunity for voters to see our candidates."
In Parkland, Fla. "the mass murderer was immersed in Islamic and leftwing hate."
Says Russ Feingold "wanted to get money out of politics. Now he's profiting from that same dark money."
The 2018 Academy Awards show was the "lowest rated Oscars in HISTORY."
Two weeks after signing a taxpayer protection pledge, (Charlie Crist) breaks it.
Says he banned texting while driving in Austin.
Some states hit hardest by opioid deaths "have more opioid prescriptions than residents."
Surveys of teens in high school reveal that knowing a classmate who sells cannabis is 90 times more common than knowing a classmate who sells alcohol.
Over the past two years, Florida has cut more than $1 billion in taxes.
Says Tammy Baldwin was told by a whistleblower about "overmedicated veterans," she made "deadly mistakes" and "three veterans died" at the Tomah VA hospital.
Study after study have shown that sanctuary cities do not lead to an increase in crime because of the presence of people that are undocumented.
Other Western countries have ended their "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" policies.
When Obama went to Pakistan in 1981, he could not have been traveling as a U.S. citizen.
A California health care CEO is promising to reduce our prescription drug costs.
Says no one from the Bush family attended the 2012 Republican National Convention and "there was no President Bush" at the 2008 convention.
Says "43 of Joe's legislative proposals have become law, including 21 since President Trump took office."
There are "a larger number of shark attacks in Florida than there are cases of voter fraud."
Wendy Davis opposes any limits on abortion.
When Atlanta Police Chief George Turner was interim head of the department, overall crime fell 14 percent and violent crime dropped 22.7 percent.
When the union says I want to eliminate tenure, that's not true.
Says Eric Cantor voted to assure Congress would be paid if the government shut down and against guaranteeing troops would be paid.
Research even shows that sending more girls to school can boost an entire country's GDP.
The average student will be spending $1,700 to $1,800 more during the life of their loan because of this surcharge.
Says required state septic inspections would cost septic tank owners $100 to $150 every five years.
Ron Oakley's "conservative leadership protected local taxpayers over government bureaucrats" as the Water Management District's budget decreased by "58 percent in the four years he served on the board."
Trump vows to end winter heating assistance for elderly and disabled.
As a result of Obamacare, "California seniors face benefit cuts of over $1,700."
They delayed my swearing-in here in Massachusetts for a couple weeks so they could ram (the health care law) through.
Health care premiums for consumers have doubled since 2001.
Says President Barack Obama has "been presiding over our jobs going overseas for seven years."
Our children do not spend any time in school learning about our own U.S. Constitution.
CPS students are learning and growing faster than 96 percent of students in the United States.
Says U.S. Rep. Nancy Pelosi said, "Employers cutting hours is a good thing. It then gives that person time to pursue their dreams and passions."
Says "over 1 million signatures" were submitted in attempt to recall Gov. Scott Walker.
States with "the highest gun ownership rates also have the highest suicide rates."
Says the director of an anti-abortion group receiving a Texas grant to provide women's health services "believes HIV can be spread through the sewer system."
The fundraising numbers are in, and our grassroots support is unmatched!
Says that Sherrod Brown "voted to cut Medicare by over $500 billion in order to fund government-run health care."
Says to Hillary Clinton, "You heard what I said about (the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal), and all of a sudden you were against it."
Says an estimate that Texas will face an $18 billion budget gap is “a number that somebody just reached up in the air and grabbed."
Says Bill White "profiteered in the aftermath of Hurricane Rita."
The "stand your ground" law caused the shooting death of Trayvon Martin.
There have been more than 270 mass shootings in the United States in the last year alone. That's where four or more are killed.
In fact, oil spills from tankers are far more common than the very rare leaks from rigs or pipelines.
While the smoking rate nationally has fallen, more than 18 percent of Georgians still light up.
In the period from 2007 to 2011, the Office of Health Insurance Commissioner reported an 18 percent decline in the state's total medical spending.
The tax burden on Virginia families was lower under Tim Kaine than under George Allen.
The President wants the U.S. to sign on to the U.N.'s International Criminal Court.
Children who witness domestic violence are "twice as likely to commit it themselves."
On support for the auto bailouts.
In 1993, Newt Gingrich "first advocated for the individual mandate in health care. And as recently as May of this year, he was still advocating" for it.
Obamacare is "costing 2 million jobs."
The law says ... when a police officer stops you, do whatever he says and then deal with it later.
The Obama administration "spent more money on the Cash for Clunkers program than the space program."
(McCain) says "we can't have ... timelines to draw down our troops from Iraq."
Scientists project that the Arctic will be ice-free in the summer of 2013.
Because there's no local option to allow communities to ban, limit or restrict the location of pot shops, if Amendment 2 passes you can expect the seedy elements of the pot industry to move in right next door to your neighborhood, your church, your business and even your child's school.
Says under U.S. Sen. Robert Menendez's watch the nation's unemployment rate and debt doubled and the federal budget deficit quadrupled.
Documents released from the Soviet Union show "the Soviet Union started treating" President Ronald Reagan more seriously after Reagan fired the air traffic controllers.
Hospitals are closing in rural America because they don't have access to high-speed internet.
Shirley Sherrod "was forced to resign before anybody on Fox said a word about this."
Says Ron Johnson "voted five times for tax breaks that help companies ship Wisconsin jobs overseas."
A witness will testify against Hillary Clinton.
The U.S. "only ranks 25th worldwide on defense spending as a percentage of GDP."
In Massachusetts, Scott Brown pushed for a law to force women considering abortion -- force them -- to look at color photographs of developing fetuses.
Says Republican state Sen. Alberta Darling offered "unqualified support" for a plan to end Medicare
Both China and Japan have surpassed us, with Japanese cars now getting an average of 45 miles to the gallon.
The U.S. government spends less on energy innovation "than the pet food industry invests in its own products."
200 consumer laws were destroyed in 2011 when Gov. Scott Walker signed Act 92.
Average families are spending roughly $2,000 more a year on energy costs. ... It's like a $2,000 energy tax in just the last seven years, more than three times what the typical American family received from the Bush tax cuts.
"China owns about 29 percent of (the U.S.) debt.''	false"
Say George Soros's money "went straight into the (Women's March) protesters' pockets."
With the exception of baby formula, the federal government does not require any food to carry an expiration date, and state laws vary widely.
We didn't go out asking people to join the "stand your ground" task force.
Says Ohio Treasurer Josh Mandel "supports allowing the United States to default on its obligations."
Texas' high school graduation rate went from 27th in the country in 2002, to second highest in the country in 2013.
As governor of Florida, I used a combination of strategies to help reduce heroin use among youth in Florida by approximately 50 percent.
Says Roy Blunt "secretly inserts language to benefit tobacco giant Philip Morris" into a national security bill while "Blunt's girlfriend and son are lobbyists for the cigarette company, and just days earlier, 26 Philip Morris executives wrote checks to Blunt totaling $23,000."
On conservative mega-donor Richard Uihlein.
If you ask how many times did Ronald Reagan attend a fundraiser when he ran for re-election in 1984, the answer is eight times. If you say how many times did Barack Obama attend a fundraiser in 2012, the answer is 228 times.
At a minimum, 40 percent of those who view child pornography end up molesting children as a result.
Says critics called the original GI Bill "welfare."
Today, home sales are up nearly 50 percent from where they were in the worst of the crisis.
About 40 percent of workers don't ... have a single paid sick day.
Starting in December 2007, "1.4 million jobs were created in Texas. In that same period, the rest of the country lost 400,000 jobs."
When the Milwaukee County mental health facility is full, "cops sit out there in their squad cars with a mentally ill patient" and sometimes "spend an entire shift out there doing that."
The Wisconsin Department of Corrections is considering implementing mandatory physical fitness testing for security staff.
In 2008, "only 54 percent of Latinos in Texas were registered to vote and only 35 percent actually turned out."
Says opponent Ted Cruz has not led businesses.
On his definition of "takers" and "makers"
Says Donna Campbell is pushing a 35 percent sales tax extending to medicine, groceries and real estate.
Says Dontre Hamilton, who was killed during a confrontation with a Milwaukee police officer, was "unarmed."
As a state senator, he (Obama) even refused to support a measure to stop sex businesses from opening near schools or places of worship!
Research shows that 1 percent of licensed dealers supply a whopping 57 percent of the guns that are recovered in crimes.
The addition of a 1 percent sales tax would cost a typical household in Hillsborough County approximately $12 a month.
Says Alex Sink "even supported a tax on homeowners insurance policies."
Republican ideas on health care don't give people "an option to even enroll in something that they can afford."
Rep. Carol Shea-Porter "votes with Nancy Pelosi's Democrats 95 percent of the time," but Frank Guinta "will take on both parties" and has "independent New Hampshire values."
Says he's "the only licensed firearms dealer in America running for Congress."
We had a three-hour debate, no discussion about the national debt, very little about the economy.
Says Sen. Bill Nelson is a socialist.
No poll done this year ... shows less than a majority to reinstate a federal ban on assault weapons.
We don't have a (military) reserve force if something happens.
Says he was the only statewide elected official to speak in favor of a federal guest worker plan at the 2012 Republican Party of Texas convention.
I introduced a bill that would've helped stop the multimillion-dollar bonus packages that CEOs grab on their way out.. (McCain) opposed that idea.
Every day, 34 Americans are murdered with guns.
First NFL team declares bankruptcy over kneeling thugs.
A recent study of a proposed cap-and-trade policy's effect on Wisconsin consumers showed it could "raise gasoline prices by 141 percent and electricity rates by 171 percent" by 2030.
The Koch brothers have given Paul Ryan "$500,000 in campaign contributions."
When union membership goes down, so do (middle class) wages.
Florida has experienced positive job growth for 39 consecutive months.
The city of Brookhaven's ordinance could cause the Pink Pony to close, thereby "putting 300 Pink Pony employees out of work in this economy."
I don't think the argument can be credibly made that the United States of America is undertaxed compared to our competitors.
22 veterans take their own lives each day.
Since 2015, Scott Walker has not done a public event where you don't have to pay admission or be on an approved list.
Says he has "a fiduciary responsibility to his business, his family and his employees to pay no more tax than legally required."
Says "FBI and Texas State Police are both confirming that Raymond Peter Littleberry, the man accused of shooting up a Texas church, was an avid atheist on the payroll of the Democrat National Committee."
In 1958, there were 16 states in this country that prohibited -- prohibited -- an African-American and a Caucasian from being married.
Says "Rosie O'Donnell apparently committed the same offense five times, five times, when she broke the identical law that Dinesh (D'Souza) was prosecuted for."
1.3-million people in America make their living off eBay.
CNN accidentally aired 30 minutes of pornography in Boston on Thanksgiving night.
NASA announced that it communicated with four races of aliens.
97 percent of the work that Planned Parenthood does is about mammograms and preventative health.
Terrorist detainees "were not covered by the Geneva Convention. They were unlawful combatants. And under those circumstances, they were not entitled to the normal kinds of courtesies and treatment."
If you care about the environment, we've got record funding.
Animal abuse is often an indicative trait of future acts of violence against humans.
Warren Buffett recently said "Scrap Obamacare and Start All Over."
Harry Reid has voted "to give illegals Social Security benefits even for the time they were here illegally."
President Obama has "said he is going to cut veterans' benefits."
If you don't pay income taxes ... you'll have more money under the Republican tax plan.
Says city of Portland has a one-time $22 million surplus
Republicans would give seniors a (Medicare) voucher that limits what's covered, costing seniors as much as $6,400 more a year.
Rare is the president "who's passed more legislation, who's done more things than what we've done, between the executive orders and the job-killing regulations that have been terminated."
Since Scott Walker took office as governor in January 2011, there has been an increase of 33,200 jobs in Wisconsin.
Says he never called teachers "thugs" and has said nothing but "great things" about them during the fight over his curbs on unions
Rob Cornilles has been endorsed by 20 local mayors, including Independent, Democratic and Republican.
Actress Emma Stone: ‘For the first time in history we have a president that…
The Obama administration was actively supporting Al Qaeda in Iraq, the terrorist group that became the Islamic State.
Wisconsin has "one of the most progressive tax codes in the country."
Signs letter saying Consumer Product Safety Commission is acting "without consultation or input from the company" to stop the sale of Buckyballs.
On transportation financing
ACORN "could get up to $8.5 billion more tax dollars despite being under investigation for voter registration fraud in a dozen states."
Alaska's Prince William Sound "is pristine now."
Wisconsin's still one of the highest-taxed states in the country.
Says Romney wants to "take away early childhood education, slash K-12 funding, and cut college aid … to pay for a $250,000 tax break for multi-millionaires."
Bill Clinton gave North Korea $5 billion and two nuclear reactors in 1994, essentially giving them nukes.
I think it's seven or eight of the California system of universities don't even teach an American history course. It's not even available to be taught.
The Milwaukee business community "did not speak about the facts" -- and in support of train manufacturer Talgo -- as the Milwaukee-Madison rail link was being killed.
On his support for sharply limiting collective bargaining by public employees.
Says that when Democrats controlled Congress and the White House, federal spending as a share of the Gross Domestic Product leapt from 18.2 percent in 2001 to 25.2 percent in 2009 -- the largest such increase in any eight-year period since World War II.
Almost every poll has shown that Sanders vs. Trump does a lot better than Clinton vs. Trump … and, that's true nationally.
95 percent of job creators say Wisconsin is headed in the right direction.
We've repealed regulations for the first time in 20 years using the Congressional Review Act -- three regulations that were going to cost the economy hundreds of millions of dollars and tens of thousands of jobs.
Law passed: All child support in the United States will end by beginning of 2018.
While Richard Cordray was Attorney General, 12,000 rape kits like Allyssa's were left untested. Cordray's failure left serial rapists free to strike again. Then Mike DeWine became Attorney General. He tested all 12,000 rape kits. Now hundreds of rapists are behind bars.
Taxpayers are "on the hook ... for less than a third" of the proposed new Atlanta Falcons stadium, and those funds are "repaid from money that comes from outsiders."
Say Bill Gates is linked to HPV vaccine related deaths in India.
When Standard & Poor's "dropped our credit rating, what they said is, we don't have an ability to repay our debt. ... I was proved right in my position" that the debt ceiling should not have been raised.
A recent stomach virus outbreak at the beleaguered Quincy Veterans' Home shows Gov. Bruce Rauner "is letting persistent health issues jeopardize the wellbeing of our nation's heroes."
Obama "voted against funding our troops."
Most Americans live within 50 miles of a nuclear power plant.
As mayor, Barrett led efforts to redevelop the Menomonee Valley, "which now supports nearly 4,000 jobs in Wisconsin."
Many March for Our Lives speakers called for "the murder of those who would not turn over their guns to the government."
Never mind that no red light camera, no speed camera, nor any radar gun has ever stopped one accident from occurring.
The (New England) Patriots were led by an explosive offense that scored the second most points in the NFL.
Statistically, law-enforcement officers die 10 years earlier than the general population.
Amazon has a "no-tax monopoly."
Texas has installed more wind power than any other state, and all but four countries.
If we had been on 'Obamacare' and a bureaucrat was trying to tell me when I could get that CAT scan, that would have delayed my treatment.
Says the majority of Americans support gay marriage.
The Capitol rotunda was actually made to invite the people in and to accommodate protests.
Says a $12.5 million incentive deal she approved for Abbott Laboratories contained "strong protections for taxpayers if job creation goals were not met."
Says a "liberal" immigration reform group endorsed his GOP primary opponent, Dave Brat.
Toothpaste contains "the poison substance of fluoride."
Out of 67 counties (in Florida), I won 66, which is unprecedented. It's never happened before.
McCain sought the political support of minister John Hagee, "who believes Hurricane Katrina was God's punishment for gay rights and called the Catholic Church 'the Antichrist' and a 'false cult.'"
Among manufacturers with fewer than 50 employees, "the average cost in terms of regulations is $34,000 per employee."
Rick Scott took $200,000 from a family that leased land for drilling "and now he is trying to hide from it."
When Donald Trump spoke in Phoenix, he looked the audience in the eye and he said ‘no, we're building a wall and we're deporting everybody.' He said, quote, ‘they will all be gone. They will all be gone.' This is one of the ones where you can go to the tape on it and see what Donald Trump has said.
Says Hillary Clinton and Ralph Northam "label police as racists."
Says Scott Walker's defunding of Planned Parenthood "left women across the state stranded with nowhere else to turn" for cancer screenings, breast exams and birth control.
Our campaign staff was the first to unionize in the history of politics.
When I was fighting against cap and trade, the speaker was sitting down with Nancy Pelosi on a sofa encouraging it.
A new manufacturing plant is slated to create about 3,000 jobs in central and northeast Georgia and "create about a $3 billion infusion" into the economy.
Says Ocean Spray is moving its Bordentown processing facility to Pennsylvania largely because of costs associated with the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative.
Says Mary Burke's "2007-'09 state budget had a tax hike of $1.8 billion -- costing every man, woman and child in the state an extra $310."
Says Donald Trump called pregnant employees "an inconvenience."
Gov. Pence said, inarguably, Vladimir Putin is a better leader than President Obama.
Rubio: ‘Rape victims should be in custody if there is suspicion that they're planning abortion.' 
Right now every single one of the (oil) companies here today and dozens of others are drilling for free in the Gulf of Mexico on leases that will cost American taxpayers more than $50 billion in lost royalties.
Says John Kerry "is the first secretary of state to rely primarily on a government account."
You and I know that in the history of mankind and womankind, government — federal, state, local, or otherwise — has never created one job.
Experts estimate that 40 percent of gun sales occur in no-questions-asked transactions that often take place at gun shows or on the Internet.
Says U.S. Rep. John Barrow "left taxpayers on the hook for $950k study on genetic makeup of ants."
McCain intervened on behalf of Charles Keating with federal regulators... that allowed Keating to continue his fraud at an incredible cost to taxpayers.
We have 25 million Americans out of work.
Here are some of the things that are more popular than Congress: hemorrhoids, Nickelback, traffic jams, cockroaches, root canals, colonoscopies, herpes. Even herpes, they couldn't beat herpes in the polls.
Says Hillary Clinton's approval rating went from 70 percent to 52 percent in 18 months.
U.S. Reps. John Barrow and Sanford Bishop and their fellow Democrats "went on a spending spree and now their credit card is maxed out."
Obama nominee Dawn Johnsen "called motherhood 'involuntary servitude.'"
The No. 2 owner of Fox News is Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, who said, "A strong American Government is not good for us."
At nearly 19 million people, the population of Florida is larger than all the earlier primary and caucus states combined.
The 12 hottest years on record have come in the last 15 years.
Says Chris Christie "vetoed" a "jobs package" of "30 bills."
If you work 40 hours a week at the proposed minimum wage of $10.10 an hour, "you get out of poverty."
New Jersey's once-broken pension system is now solvent.
Democrats in the Legislature in 2009 voted for various "pork projects" including "a $5 million scoreboard for the Milwaukee Bucks."
On ending the war in Iraq, "Gov. Romney said that was a tragic mistake, we should have left 30,000 troops there."
In 99 percent of counties in America, someone making the minimum wage working full time can't afford a 1-bedroom apartment.
Cass Sunstein, President Obama's nominee for regulatory czar, "wants to give legal standing to animals so they can sue you for eating meat."
Sarah Palin was repeating "Abraham Lincoln's words" in discussing the war in Iraq.
During the last five years, Iran has perpetrated terror attacks in 25 different countries on five continents.
Rep. Adam Putnam was silent when Rush Limbaugh called Sonia Sotomayor a racist.
The City of Milwaukee "uses the building inspection area as a revenue base."
Says up to a quarter of African Americans don't have government photo ID.
A company with "20 employees" could go "out of business" because of health care law requirements to buy insurance.
Democrats plan to keep student loan interest rates low "by raising taxes on small businesses, very small businesses … the kinds of small businesses that give jobs to graduates."
George Bush, and a Republican Congress, have presided over a 55 percent increase in the size of domestic government spending in the last seven years.
In eighth grade math, we've fallen to ninth place.
Says police officers smoke marijuana once a year as part of their jobs.
The (Florida) casino proposed by Malaysian gambling conglomerate Genting would be nearly double the size of the largest casino in the world.
Barack Obama arrested in a Japanese drug bust.
Assault weapons and handguns are allowed in the state Capitol while bullhorns, trumpets, helium balloons and flags on poles are banned.
We now have our kids go to school about a month less than most other advanced countries.
A United Nations arms treaty would "almost certainly force" the U.S. to "create an international gun registry, setting the stage for full-scale gun confiscation."
The economy is "too weak to raise income levels."
Today gasoline hit $6 a gallon in Florida.
Says Josh Hawley "broke his promise to create a Public Corruption Unit to crack down on the pay-to-play culture of Jefferson City."
Under current U.S. immigration policy, "literally one person with a green card" can, in the extreme, bring in more than 270 of his relatives.
Says President Barack Obama "has an Environmental Protection Agency proposal that would raise the price of gasoline by 25 cents a gallon."
Says Barack Obama told the U.S. Coast Guard Academy "that the number one threat to the military and the world today is global warming."
On reconciliation
President Obama's proposal calls for serious cuts in our own long-term carbon emissions, but China and India will still be allowed to increase their emissions.
UPDATE: ‘Thousands' voted for Doug Jones in Alabama town with population of 2,256
Says "Carnival Cruise Lines will now offer free cruises" to hurricane victims.
Individuals with mental illnesses die an average of 25 years earlier than those without a mental illness.
The budget submitted by Obama will add more to the debt than the outstanding debt of the previous 43 presidents combined.
Says the Obama administration is handing out a pamphlet titled, "What To Do When The Veteran In Your Classroom Attempts A Mass Shooting"
Hillary Clinton "starts off with 47 percent of the country against her."
Decorated Marine, two-tour Iraq war vet.
Says his state budget will "provide an increase in state funding for the 2011-12 school year."
The White House had a live video feed of the Benghazi attacks as they occurred.
Says Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett is responsible for the roughly $7,800 "I pay in property taxes per year."
Says that over the last decade, the state's population grew three times faster than the Texas state tax system.
The Free Flow of Information Act of 2009 "would guarantee Barack Obama will never be held accountable for producing forged birth documents."
The migration of Hondurans toward the United States "was funded by Democrat activists."
Says Marco Rubio tweeted a verse from the New Testament to shame "his own constituents for flocking to Trump rally."
This year's state budget "continues to direct millions in taxpayer dollars in advertising to the failing Start-Up NY program"
Barack Obama's church gave a lifetime achievement award to Louis Farrakhan.
I saved the taxpayers $2-billion on a bogus Air Force Boeing tanker deal where people went to jail.
Jasper County in Texas raised property taxes by 7 percent in order to pay for one death penalty case.
Under Gov. Bob McDonnell, more jobs have been lost than created in Southside and Southwest Virginia.
Says Texas Railroad Commissioner Michael Williams has attended more than 150 tea party gatherings.
(Mary) Burke's company, Trek Bicycles, "makes 99% of their bikes overseas."
On responding to chemical weapon use in Syria
Says Democratic legislators this year "don't want to cut your taxes under any circumstances."
A proposed ban on hollow-point bullets and bullets that expand upon impact "essentially bans deer hunting."
Ford is moving all of their small-car production to Mexico.
Charlie Crist stopped "layoffs of some 20,000 school teachers during the global economic meltdown."
The White House "branded" the memorial service for the Tucson shootings with a "Together We Thrive" logo and slogan.
83% of Trump tax breaks go to the wealthiest 1%.
Heitkamp has voted against Trump 68 percent of time.
My opponent here has accepted money from Freddie Mac, Fannie Mae (and) hosted subprime mortgage seminars.
A case before Washington's Supreme Court seeks to effectively end public labor unions.
Austin mayoral candidate "Steve Adler admitted his law firm worked with Koch Industries for nearly a decade."
We have the highest corporate tax rate in the world. It's 35 percent.
Three courts have found the new health care law constitutional and two have found it unconstitutional.
Uses headlines to portray Gov. Rick Perry as beholden to special interests.
Bush's tax cuts for high earners "have been the biggest contributor to the budget deficit."
Social Security "was basically invented" at the University of Wisconsin-Madison; "that's where Franklin Roosevelt got the idea."
Says that under Gov. Rick Perry, Texas Department of Public Safety troopers have had "standing orders" not to inquire into the immigration status of people unless they're under arrest.
Legendary actor Kirk Douglas dead, 4 days before his 101st birthday.
Obama "remains silent" and "is never asked how he feels about his church honoring Farrakhan."
The United States is the only developed country in the world without paid maternity leave.
The state Legislature attempted to "outlaw stem cell research, passes bills about microchips in the brain, and talks about seceding from the Union."
Many of the companies bankrolling the ad campaign against Amendment 4 are recipients of a congressional bailout, in the form of humongous tax refunds earlier this year.
Says that President Obama said that "Small Businesses Succeed Because of Government."
I would be the first Republican senator elected in New Jersey in 41 years.
Says Dick Cheney "supported gay marriage sooner" than Hillary Clinton.
Says "I have been through the gauntlet, when we had riots in that Capitol."
My first order as president was to renovate and modernize our nuclear arsenal. It is now far stronger and more powerful than ever before.
There are more atheists in the country right now than Jews, Muslims, Hindus and Buddhists combined and doubled.
Cesar Sayoc is a Democrat posing as a Republican.
Says the state's budget shortfall is "not that much different" than it was in 2003.
Says Allen West helped thwart a terrorist plot by shooting a gun in the direction of an Iraqi detainee, then reported the incident to his superior and said it was wrong.
Says that U.S. Rep. Andy Barr was "even dismissing the importance of military service" by saying, "We both served our country. I've served in a position where ideas matter."
U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett is “the most liberal man in the United States Congress.”
Under "Trumpcare," the Republican replacement for Obamacare, "$600 billion worth of tax breaks will go to the wealthiest in this country."
In total, we have added nearly 75,000 private sector jobs in New Jersey since we took office in January 2010.
A Dallas proof-of-insurance ordinance resulted in area tow lots mostly filling with the cars of illegal residents.
Bernie Sanders voted with Republicans to protect the Minutemen, a hate group that used military tactics against our community.
If you like your health care plan, you can keep your health care plan.
When we got the income tax in 1913, the top rate was 7 percent. By 1980, the top rate was 70 percent.
Says Thomas Jefferson said, "You might be able to fool the people for awhile, and they may go astray, but sooner or later the American people are going to wake up and they will correct the course."
We have 17 intelligence agencies, civilian and military, who have all concluded that these espionage attacks, these cyberattacks, come from the highest levels of the Kremlin, and they are designed to influence our election.
There are over 2,000 crimes recorded per 100,000 population in the U.K., compared to "466 violent crimes per 100,000" in the United States.
The Republican-controlled Wisconsin Assembly approved "only one out of 376 amendments offered by Assembly Democrats" in 2011.
The Mack Penny Plan for the federal budget "would balance our budget by 2019" and "continues to gain support."
Said that man wearing racist shirt was working at a polling station in Mississippi.
I didn't try to push a bill to reduce lottery scholarship proceeds for students.
Says President Barack Obama was responsible for "the assassination of at least four American citizens" in drone strikes.
The richest 1 percent of America will get a bigger tax cut through this bill than the family income of the average family here in Central Texas.
Says Glenn Grothman pushed through state tax credits that when phased in, "someone that owns a factory that produces millions in income" will pay "less tax than their nephew would if he worked full time at Taco Bell for minimum wage."
The health care reform bill "is the largest tax increase in U.S. history."
The Senate health care bill is longer than Tolstoy's 'War and Peace.'
Thomas Jefferson expressed "strong support" for a balanced budget amendment in 1798.
A cap-and-trade bill would "destroy over 50,000 jobs in Virginia."
Seven out of ten doctors are not taking any new Medicaid patients as lower reimbursement rates make it cost-prohibitive.
An amendment, pushed by Lyndon Johnson many years ago, threatens religious institutions with a loss of their tax-exempt status if they openly advocate their political views.
Oregon House Republicans' jobs plan could generate more than 50,000 jobs over five years.
Says area near proposed northern Wisconsin iron ore mine is "15 hours away" from where public hearing on mining was held.
Said former U.S. Ambassador to Kenya Scott Gration "was forced to resign two years ago because of his personal use of emails."
Says as secretary of state she was reserving judgment about the Trans-Pacific Partnership and "hoped it would be the gold standard."
The United States had "allies lined up" for air strikes in Syria and then Obama "pulled the rug out."
Says "in our gun laws we're allowing domestic abusers to sidestep this ban on getting a gun. The loophole allows a convicted abuser to walk into a gun show and walk out with a gun, no questions asked."
We're the seventh highest taxed state in America. And that's not just state, it's local as well.
The overwhelming amount of the money that we're raising is not going to Hillary (Clinton) to run for president. ... It's going to the congressmen and senators to try to take back Congress.
Bill McCollum has "recovered $200 million in Medicaid fraud."
During his time as House speaker, "unemployment came down from 5.6 percent to under 4 (percent)."
Early voting remains at 96 hours.
Archbishop Desmond Tutu dies while holidaying in Texas
Says she is "saving ratepayers $6 million/year."
Bernie Sanders's plan is "to raise your taxes to 90 percent."
For the first time ever, we completely funded the critical needs waiting list so persons with unique abilities can get the help they need.
Iraq is costing each household about $100 a month.
When asked about equal pay for women, (Rubio's) quote was that it was a waste of time.
Republican candidate for governor Ken Block was "fined and had to admit that (he) funneled money illegally to the Moderate Party."
Says Scott Brown co-sponsored legislation to let employers deny women coverage for mammograms.
For every week that (state lawmakers are) able to cut off our timeline, it saves (Georgia taxpayers) approximately $100,000.
You can't read a speech by George Washington . . . without hearing him reference God, the Almighty.
Women in the U.S. get 23 percent less pay than men for the same exact work.
Over the last six months, President Barack Obama has golfed 10 times and held 106 fundraisers, but his jobs council has never met.
Kilmartin has helped pass laws to "create a witness protection program."
Says he "was the only Republican" to vote against creating a House panel to investigate Planned Parenthood.
The number of new illegal immigrant families who have crossed the border so far this year already exceeds the entire total from 2015.
Flint still doesn't have clean water.
We do not want to raise anybody's tax rates. That's never been on the table.
The health care bills will be "mandated spending. You can't cut it, regardless of the budget circumstances."
What has happened since 2005? We've seen violent crime continuously go down due to Florida's "stand your ground" law.
Literally, by the time a child is 18 years of age, they've killed over 100,000 people in video games and other online things.
Says if Congress doesn't avoid the sequester, "tens of thousands of parents will have to scramble to find child care for their kids."
There are no earmarks in the stimulus bill.
In the last 6 years, there have been 420 elections for State Senator and State Representative. Only three incumbents have been defeated!
In Wisconsin's school voucher program, "two-thirds of the money" in the "tax vouchers" went to people "making more than $100,000."
In Africa, a child dies every minute because of (malaria).
Says state Sen. Randy Hopper, R-Fond du Lac, unlike typical taxpayers, "didn't pay taxes"
Giant rats plague New York City as 4 homeless men found eaten alive
Says Romney had the uniforms for the 2002 Winter Olympic games made in Burma.
Since we passed tax cuts, over 3 million workers have gotten tax cut bonuses — many of them thousands and thousands of dollars.
A loophole "still exists which allows members of Congress and high-powered executive branch appointees to exploit 'insider' knowledge of the financial industry in order to turn personal profit."
This Congress "adjourned earliest of any time in congressional history before an election."
We've got about $3 trillion in trapped cash overseas that basically can't come back in this country because of our tax laws.
Under Gov. Tom Corbett, "Pennsylvania ranks 49th in job creation."
The president won the youth vote 3 to 1, but his numbers have dropped 20, 30 percent among the youth.
Says Andrew Gillum "oversaw a 52 percent increase in murder."
(McCain) said he was opposed to overturning Roe v. Wade. Now he's for overturning Roe v. Wade.
Says the state of Texas rates as "unacceptable" almost 500 of the state's 8,000 public schools.
On whether judges should be allowed to place children with gay couples who wish to adopt.
Teachers spend $1.6 BILLION per year on school supplies. The Republican tax bill ELIMINATES their ability to deduct those expenses.
The budget currently being debated "significantly decreases the use of one-time resources."
Gingrich supported individual health insurance mandates.
The FCC's net neutrality policy includes what is "essentially a massive tax increase."
But it was Hillary Clinton, in an interview with Tom Brokaw, who quote 'paid tribute' to Ronald Reagan's economic and foreign policy.
Van Jones signed a petition indicating he "thinks the Bush administration blew up the World Trade Center and covered it up."
Eight of the nine justices in the Supreme Court decision (on campaign finance) said that not only is it constitutional for Congress to require disclosure of the special interest money, but they recommend we do it.
Says Ted Cruz "was just bribed by the Kochs to introduce a bill that would give them and their allies America's national forests, parks, and other public lands and open them for mining, drilling, fracking and logging."
In 2010, the non-partisan Government Accountability Office found that only 6.5 percent of the U.S.-Mexico border was under full control of the Border Patrol.
Despite opposition from national Club for Growth, Club for Growth Wisconsin "has endorsed" him for U.S. Senate.
We now do have evidence that Donald Trump is being used as a recruiting tool for terrorists.
When they passed Obamacare, they put a bailout fund in Obamacare. … We led the effort and wiped out that bailout fund.
Says most illegal immigrants draw "welfare benefits, they're sending their kids to school, they're using the public services."
Says Paul Ryan's budget plan "ends Medicare."
Says his release of 33 years of tax returns is "more than any presidential candidate in history."
We have ten different tax brackets and if you're making $9,000, you're already in the top tax bracket.
Thousands of Westerners and Americans are fighting with extremists in eastern Syria and Iraq.
Says Bruce Poliquin "voted to strip 117,000 Mainers of their insurance."
In recent years, Rep. LaTourette has sponsored legislation that would increase spending by 551.6 percent.
Democrats do not have a plan for extending the Bush tax cuts.
A legal settlement that reined in Chicago police "resulted in approximately 236 additional victims killed and over 1,100 additional shootings in 2016 alone."
Says Secretary of State John Kerry, "when he was a senator, flew to Managua and met with a communist dictator there, Daniel Ortega, and accused the Reagan administration of engaging in terrorism."
Says Mitt Romney once supported President Obama's health care plan but now opposes it.
The Democrat-controlled Senate, it hasn't passed a budget in more than 1,000 days.
Says "these ‘Jersey Shore' folks, they're from New York."
Barack Obama's health care plan is "to mandate health care coverage and have a universal government-run program."
Violent crime is up since the last year of Sharpe James' administration. This year it's higher. … The unemployment rate is almost 15 percent. The high school dropout rate is over 50 percent.
Says "no, you're wrong," responding to the assertion that stop-and-frisk was ruled unconstitutional in New York.
The president came in and campaigned against me 12 times.
The federal government is spending 25 percent of our entire economy versus 100 years ago we spent only 2 percent.
California State Assembly bill would ban the (sale of the) Bible!
"The Republicans have 2 percent of the Muslim vote.''	mostly true"
Nearly 6 out of 10 believe that money and wealth should be more evenly distributed among a larger percentage of the people in the U.S.
I still live in the same working-class neighborhood I grew up in.
I've gotten rid of the Johnson Amendment … I signed an executive order so that now ... ministers and and preachers and rabbis and whoever it may be, they can speak. You know, you couldn't speak politically before, now you can.
Says a pro-choice activist in California 'proudly breaks world record by getting her 27th abortion'
Inequality in Texas is steadily getting worse, with very few rich people, a great many poor people, and fewer and fewer in the middle.
The deal to raise the federal debt limit created the "largest debt ceiling increase in America's history."
We have dozens of districts that go for 150 to 200 miles, splitting counties, splintering cities and connecting areas that have very little in common.
If you will go look up the definition of 'act of God,' we've used it in legal terms for a long time in this state.
Hurricane Irma is "predicted to come through Mexico, hit us and everything in between up to Houston."
On toll roads.
The chances of being killed by a refugee committing a terrorist act is 1 in 3.6 billion.
Says Miami-Dade mayoral candidate Julio Robaina "has the highest salary among Florida mayors. More than $260,000."
As governor, Ted Strickland left only 89 cents in Ohio's rainy day fund.
I'm the product of a mixed marriage that would have been illegal in 12 states when I was born.
Under the House health care bill, the government "will have to penalize citizens if we choose not to buy a plan that will cost a minimum of about $15,000 per family per year."
Say Maine U.S. Rep. Bruce Poliquin "voted to gut your retirement benefits."
Bernie Sanders voted against the Brady Bill -- background checks and waiting periods.
An anonymous e-mail says that Hillary Clinton advocates communism.
His proposed budget would "cut our deficit in half by the end of my first term."
People who die from a home invasion make up a sad but minuscule .04% of all gun murders in the U.S. And over a third of them are killed by their own gun that the criminal has either stolen or wrestled from them.
Since Gov. Nathan Deal office in 2011, the state's rainy day fund has grown by 643 percent.
Says Nelson Mandela "was a communist."
While she was mayor, Lois Frankel took a "police helicopter ride to go to a dinner party."
George Allen and his colleagues in the Senate "turned the biggest surplus in the history of the United States into the biggest deficit in the history of the United States."
Kathleen Peters refuses to ‘take a stand' to repeal Obamacare.
In the 2014 elections, "the American people overwhelmingly said we don't want Obamacare … and we don't want amnesty."
You can absolutely get a gun if you have several felonies as long as you buy it on the Internet or at a gun show.
Six of Georgia's counties have no lawyers at all.
FBI confirms evidence of huge underground Clinton sex network.
I have always opposed driver's licenses for illegal aliens.
Every major city which has a center of poverty is run by Democrats. Every major city.
General Electric "hasn't really created any jobs in this country, doesn't pay any taxes, and they're making historic profits."
This is the first time since the Depression that unemployment has stayed above 9 percent for two consecutive years.
Forty-five states allow open carry of firearms.
The "Buffett rule" "raises virtually no money, maybe a day and a half of our borrowing per year."
Says abortion increases the risk of breast cancer.
The Family Research Council, according to some government agencies, is a terrorist group.
Says Rick Perry recently said he "wanted another (Texas) business tax."
The Iran nuclear deal is "putting billions of dollars back into a country that's the world's largest supporter of terrorism. We are actually giving them the money to fund the terrorists that are killing us and our allies."
This year President Obama canceled the 21st annual National Day of Prayer ceremony at the White House under the ruse of ‘not wanting to offend anyone.' BUT … on September 25, 2009 from 4 AM until 7 PM, a National Day of Prayer FOR THE MUSLIM RELIGION was HELD on Capitol Hill, Beside the White House.
The (State Board of Administration) transparency issue got a great airing the last legislative session.
There's no scientific conclusion that (being gay) is genetic.
There were slaves in 1845 who helped construct and build the Old Capitol.
Says "overwhelming majorities of Americans" support gun legislation "like background checks."
There are "approximately 20,000 annual gun purchases in Rhode Island."
New Mexico moved "up to" sixth in the nation in job growth.
Ohio today has the "fewest number of state employees since the Reagan administration."
The United States was paying for anywhere from 70 to 90 percent of (NATO), depending on the way you calculate.
If your plan is the result of collective bargaining, no subsequent changes by anybody -- insurance companies, Obamacare -- can force your grandfathered policy to change.
Says Hillary Clinton helped "get done" the Children's Health Insurance Program.
The governor has made a "commitment to billions of dollars in debt and new spending without any explanation of how he plans to pay that money back."
Says opponent Beto O'Rourke "wants to legalize drugs."
The Affordable Care Act alters the "sensible doctor-patient-relationship-centered health care program ... we see today."
Obama keeps talking about getting rid of all nuclear weapons. He's already significantly reduced our capabilities there.
Weeks after accepting a quarter-million-dollar campaign contribution from a hospital board chairman, Greg Abbott went to court against victims of a drug-taking neurosurgeon.
Says U.S. Senate candidate David Perdue flip-flopped on releasing his tax returns.
In Muslim countries, under the Sharia, there is a death penalty for blaspheming Mohammad.
Says "today unemployment has been running near 12 percent or more for the last four years" and the Legislature hasn't done much to lower it.
More than half of Planned Parenthood facilities are in rural or medically underserved areas.
Limberbutt McCubbins (a five-year-old cat) is a candidate in the 2016 presidential election.
Says critics who say he cut Medicaid are wrong; his budget added $1.2 billion to the program
Wendy Davis is "fighting to bring ... Bloomberg-style gun control to Texas."
The crime rate in some Atlanta neighborhoods has dropped by 35 to 51 percent.
The stock market has almost tripled since April of 2009.
The United States' regulations "are among the most difficult in the world."
Says "Marco Rubio would take away a woman's right to choose for victims of rape or incest."
The Republican National Convention "is a Super Bowl times four."
Federal money for Medicaid expansion "is guaranteed for a few years and then goes away."
Wall Street megabanks that received bailouts in 2009 now get taxpayer-funded advantages not available to community banks in Ohio.
The White House has "refused" international help in dealing with the oil spill.
The Senate immigration bill "unleashes a massive increase in overall immigration. … We're talking about a population increase under the Senate bill of over 70 million people in 20 years."
The Recovery Act saved 60,000 jobs among law enforcement officials, firefighters in the state of Florida, plus another 20,000 educators.
The proposed Gogebic iron ore mine is "just up the hill" from the Apostle Islands National Lakeshore caves along Lake Superior.
Peter DeFazio "will sneak in a 1 percent tax on all banking transactions."
mostly true
Says under his utility rate plan, "An estimated 50 percent of our residential households will see a decrease in their water and wastewater bills."
Says Sen. Pat Toomey "even tried to shut down the federal government in order to eliminate funding for Planned Parenthood."
Health insurance companies deny "1 out of 5 treatments prescribed by doctors."
California has more kids in poverty ... than virtually any other state.
The Fed created $15 trillion in the bailout process and $5 trillion went overseas.
Says Debbie Wasserman Schultz "voted repeatedly to send terminally ill patients to prison."
Only 20 percent of our current graduates from Texas high schools go ahead and achieve either a national certificate or a community college degree -- or a college degree.
Says stimulus money went to buy electric cars from Finland as a payback to Obama supporters.
John Mica's brother is an oil lobbyist and his daughter represents the natural gas industry.
On Donald Trump's track record in business
Fifty percent of our students who enter higher education need to take remedial courses because they are not prepared for college-level work.
Graduation rates in Buffalo's school district, which were "around 48 percent are now up to 64 percent" since Say Yes Buffalo launched.
Like me, Scott Walker opposed the 1998 transportation bill and the $9 billion of wasteful spending.
Gov. Romney himself, with 28 other Republican governors, supported policies that would have eliminated the time limits in the welfare reform law and allowed people to stay on welfare forever.
Under Rosemary Lehmberg, the "Travis County D.A.'s office" convened the grand jury that indicted Rick Perry.
Baseball and insurance are the only industries exempt from antitrust laws.
After Texas defunded Planned Parenthood, both the unintended pregnancy and abortion rates dropped.
Says Texas tax legislation would "save the average homeowner in Texas $20,000 a year over the next 20 years or so."
In this country, we have a 25 percent dropout rate.
Says Scott Walker's "listening sessions" are "invite-only and excluding the press."
Ninety-seven percent of the time. That's how often Mark Warner votes with President Obama.
Since the beginning of the economic downturn in FY 2008, the state workforce has been reduced by 12.4 percent as part of overall cost savings measures to balance the budget to reduce revenues.
Says Hillary Clinton has been given tens of millions of dollars by countries that "treat women horribly ... and countries that kill gays."
For most black people in the history of this country … it was illegal to pass as a white person. You were actually put in jail if you tried to pass.
Says New Jersey Devils managing partner Jeff Vanderbeek "took us into arbitration."
Wisconsin pays criminal defense lawyers who represent the indigent $40 per hour, "the lowest in the country."
Says Connie Mack voted to redefine "rape" as "forcible rape."
Google search spike suggests many people don't know why they voted for Brexit.
Every single month since 1985 has been warmer than the historic average. All 12 of the warmest years on record have come in the last 15 years.
EPA administrator Scott Pruitt's short-term rental "was about market rate."
Less than 10 percent of Obama's Cabinet appointees "have any experience in the private sector."
Ukraine voluntarily gave up its nuclear weapons because the United States of America said it would "ensure (its) territorial integrity from Russia."
One of the most troubling aspects of the Rubio-Schumer Gang of Eight bill was that it gave President Obama blanket authority to admit refugees, including Syrian refugees, without mandating any background checks whatsoever.
Says neither President Barack Obama nor Mexico President Felipe Calderon "have been on the border to see what's happening to the citizens of Mexico, and for that matter the citizens of Texas."
On the way the federal government should spend Florida's rejected high-speed rail money.
President Obama pushed through the stimulus "based on the promise of keeping unemployment under 8 percent."
We have a fire marshal that said, 'Oh we can't allow more people' ... And the reason they won't let them in is because they don't know what the hell they're doing.
Sherrod Brown "failed to pay his own taxes three separate times."
Protections on pre-existing conditions have been there since the 1970s.
The Richardson-Denish administration "gave" 50,000 driver's licenses to illegal immigrants in New Mexico.
A new Republican litmus test "would have resulted in (the GOP) kicking out Ronald Reagan."
There's no money for Planned Parenthood in the bill that would keep the government open.
Wisconsin's dead last in Midwest job growth.
Says U.S. is giving seven Alaskan islands to Russia.
I have always said that I would be for drilling.
Gov. Chris Christie owes the state money "for amenities like extra Gorgonzola cheese for his staff on these trips."
During the Reagan era, while productivity increased, "wages for working people remained frozen."
Says Kelli Ward "called for restraint in fighting terrorism."
Since that famous day in February where the governor campaigned with Barack Obama on behalf of the stimulus program, 211,000 Floridians have lost their jobs.
The bulk of the problem with the opioid epidemic is the fentanyl and all the synthetic drugs coming across the southern border.
No one knows who bought the [38 Studios] bonds. And there was some language put in the bond offer that they must remain anonymous.
Says the 2011-13 state budget eliminates the structural deficit "for the first time in decades."
In the health care bill, "The 'Health Choices Commissioner' will decide health benefits for you. You will have no choice. None."
Florida led the nation in job creation while Bush was governor.
(Jack Kingston) had more earmarks at one time than every member of the Georgia delegation put together.
Says his free public university tuition program "is paid for … by a tax on Wall Street's speculation."
On whether he supports tolls on I-77
Student loan rates set to double because a Democratic-controlled Congress voted to double them.
President Barack Obama "took exactly none of his own deficit reduction commission's ideas. Not one."
PolitiFact Oregon gave Rob Cornilles a Pants on Fire for a claim about taxes and fees.
The Clintons now charge the Secret Service $10,000 monthly rent for the use of (a) Secret Service residence and that rent is just about equal to their mortgage payment.
Narragansett Bay waters are getting warmer -- 4 degrees Fahrenheit warmer in the winter since the 1960s.
28.2 million Americans are still waiting under Obamacare and remain uninsured!
Ohioans want an end to pay-to-play politics.
Says Barack Obama "promised he would cut the deficit in half" but didn't.
﻿﻿"Since Mayor Kennedy O'Brien took office Sayreville has issued 22,081 building permits! Now O'Brien is holding secret meetings with big developers."
Barack Obama accepted $200,000 from executives and employees of oil companies.
Texas has "outstripped the national poverty rate" since "at least 1959."
Ohio is "probably top five in the country, sadly, in terms of heroin overdoses. It's now exceeded car accidents as the No. 1 cause of death in Ohio."
Donald Trump would "engage in a risky scheme to privatize Social Security."
Not a single Democrat opposed Neil Gorsuch's confirmation in 2006.
Says he saw videotape "of the people taking the money off the plane" to pay ransom to Iran for hostages.
This election marks the largest Senate gains for a president's party in a first midterm election since at least President Kennedy's in 1962.
Says state Rep. Jim Keffer, a GOP lieutenant to House Speaker Joe Straus, "did mail pieces for Democrat Mark Strama to help him defeat" a Republican.
Says 55 percent of council members have come from area where only 10 percent of Austinites live.
Says President Barack Obama's health care law is "expected to destroy 2.3 million jobs."
Says that under a new program jail "time for non-violent, mentally ill offenders has been reduced by 50 percent."
Sheriffs Call For Obama's Lynching While Leader Meets With GOP Senators
Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker's move to limit collective bargaining rights has led to "riots" at the Capitol -- "It's like Cairo has moved to Madison these days."
Says he "helped bring" Uline company to Kenosha area, "creating 800 local jobs."
When Mitt Romney was governor, "the fact is that the average income for a family in Massachusetts went up by $5,500."
Obama-Led U.N. Has Just Made It Official, U.S. To Immediately Pay Blacks 'Reparations'.
We've got a 1,000 National Guard troop request that's been in front of this president for over a year and no response.
Says Hillary Clinton "has donated every cent she's ever earned from speaking fees to charity."
Says there are "probably 2 million, it could be even 3 million" criminal immigrants in the country illegally.
In the Georgia House district that hosted a special election on June 20, "Trump won by 20+ points."
In America, we pay, by far, the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs.
Mark Harris worked to stop Trump from being president.
President Obama's lawsuit claims it is unconstitutional for Ohio to allow servicemen and women extended early voting privileges during the state's early voting period.
A teacher watched hard-core pornography in his classroom, along with other inappropriate behavior, but Tony Evers didn't revoke the teacher's license and "the teacher is still in the classroom."
Says that in Ohio "right now, you could be 8½ months pregnant and have an abortion for no reason."
Today and every day, an estimated 14,000 Americans will lose their health insurance coverage.
In the last two years, we have reduced the deficit by $2.5 trillion.
Texas still owns all of its public lands. If the federal gov't wants to create a park, they must ask permission!
In the '80s, Democrats promised spending cuts, but delivered only tax hikes.
In the U.S. asylum system, "claims of 'fear to return' have skyrocketed, and the percentage of claims that are genuinely meritorious are down."
Republican plan to extend Bush tax cuts "would double deficit projections going forward for the next couple of decades."
America has lost nearly one third of its manufacturing jobs since 1997, following the enactment of disastrous trade deals supported by Bill and Hillary Clinton.
122 vicious prisoners, released by the Obama Administration from Gitmo, have returned to the battlefield.
The Great Wall of China, built 2,000 years ago, is 13,000 miles (long).
Says the state's new collective bargaining law effectively eliminates police unions' ability to negotiate.
Mr. Hurt would re-open that darn (Medicare) doughnut hole.
If people work and make more money, they lose more in benefits than they would earn in salary.
Under President George W. Bush, "we added $4.9 trillion to the debt. Under President Obama … we've added $6.5 trillion to the debt."
Says Ohio's Issue 2 will create a redistricting commission that will "have a blank check to spend our money."
Look at what's happening last night in Sweden. Sweden, who would believe this? Sweden. They took in large numbers. They're having problems like they never thought possible.
$700 billion was robbed (from Medicare) to pay for Obamacare.
Barack Hussein Obama will .. force Christian organizations to pay for abortions.
Says Bernie Sanders "was against the auto bailout" and "voted against the money that ended up saving the auto industry."
White men account for 69 percent of those arrested for violent crimes.
It's clear that Hillary Clinton "violated national security laws."
In Arizona, "there are only one and a half (Border Patrol) agents per every 10 square miles."
We are in the sixth year of recovery, and median income is below what it was at the start of the recovery.
Eight million Americans have dropped out of the work force since (Barack) Obama became president. ... The real unemployment rate is 19 percent.
China is "trying to develop nuclear capability."
In President Barack Obama's 2015 State of the Union address, "the words ‘al-Qaida' were never used, the first time those words have not been used in a State of the Union address since February 2001."
Says Hillary Clinton once "wanted a wall" on the Mexican border.
Says David Wu has presided over "137 months" in which "Oregon's unemployment rate has been above the national average."
Black men arrested In Philadelphia Starbucks settle for $2 million
We have an Army that just cut 40,000 spots.
Providence has more of its pension fund invested in hedge funds and is less transparent about it than the state.
When (Ronald) Reagan came in, from 1978 to 1982, economic growth averaged less than 1 percent a year. There's only one other four-year period where that's true. That's true from 2008 to 2012.
For what we spend in just one week in Iraq, 800,000 children could get health insurance for an entire year.
Says Donald Trump contradicted his own administration when he said the decision to allow blueprints for 3D-printed guns to be distributed "doesn't seem to make much sense."
NASA Has Just Confirmed Earth Has A New Moon
400 bills have my name on them either as a sponsor or a co-sponsor. You don't get that done unless you work with folks on the other side.
Forty-five percent of Americans went without needed care because of costs in 2007.
In 29 states in this country you can still get fired for not just being gay, but if your employer thinks you are gay.
No openly gay man has ever been elected to the Georgia Legislature.
An agreement between the city of Chicago and the ACLU caused "virtually all of the rise in homicides" in 2016.
Gene Green is the NRA's favorite Democrat in Congress. ... It's no wonder the congressman has a lifetime A rating from the NRA."
A married couple that use the same last name "is rarer and rarer in our country."
The number of inmates since 2000 on death row dying of natural causes has now surpassed the number of inmates executed.
We will not ask for a tax increase to run city government.
Our "kids can't openly celebrate Christmas or pray in school."
If the United States moves ahead by itself (on cap-and-trade)... after 30 or 40 years, we're going to reduce CO2 by less than 1 percent.
The incandescent light bulb "has no effect whatever on the planet."
Sherrod Brown supported President Obama's $453 billion tax increase.
[T]his breed (of pit bulls) is most often associated with aggressive behavior.
These are radical Islamic terrorists, and (Hillary Clinton) won't even mention the word.
Over the last 10 years, Georgia's public health has declined.
In Russia "all people are absolutely equal regardless of their religion, sex, ethnicity, or sexual orientation," while "70 countries of the world have criminal liability for homosexuality."
Says recent studies indicate that nationally, only 8 percent of white voting-age citizens but 25 percent of African-American voting-age citizens lack government-issued photo IDs.
When Tim Kaine was governor, spending soared, blowing holes in the budget every year.
The president promised that if he spent money on a stimulus program that unemployment would go to 5.7 percent or 6 percent. Those were his words.
If you got rid of the income tax today you'd have about as much revenue as we had 10 years ago.
Says Travis County Sheriff Greg Hamilton has accepted $42,000 from strip-club interests and $10,000 from local alcohol distributors.
A strong bipartisan majority in the House of Representatives "voted to defund Obamacare."
California's proposed tobacco tax "diverts 82 percent of the new taxes to line the pockets of wealthy special interests like insurance companies who don't have to help even one more patient."
A government analysis shows under a proposed transportation tax, "metro Atlanta will create or support an additional 200,000 new jobs, including jobs that are maintained year over year."
Says Tammy Baldwin "voted to gut Medicare for seniors."
Says she voted to stop a new "age tax" under which "Arizonans age 50 & over could be charged 5 times more for their health care."
3,000-Pound Great White Shark Captured in Great Lakes.
When adjusted for inflation, (Texas) per-student spending has remained relatively flat over the past 16 years. Despite that trend, Texas schools in 2017 will receive $381 less per student than they did in 2003.
Nearly one in four people in their prime working years are not working.
Says Newt Gingrich "co-sponsored a bill with Nancy Pelosi that would have given $60 million a year to a U.N. program supporting China's brutal one-child policy."
We doubled the size of the company (Hewlett-Packard).
There was "a 57-percent decrease in fireworks-related injuries in 2000 [after Connecticut legalized sparklers] compared to the 14 years prior."
...Secret documents reveal that Iran could obtain a nuclear weapon far sooner than we were told. And Tammy Duckworth voted ‘yes' (on the Iran nuclear deal).
There are at least twice as many licensed firearm dealers in California as there are McDonald's.
Now, in the House of Representatives, we have 40 different jobs bills that have passed and almost all of them have been bipartisan.
John McCain has given erratic and inconsistent answers on when troops should return from Iraq.
Says Rick Scott has "teamed up with a felon convicted of running a Ponzi scheme to smear Charlie Crist."
Federal spending is "all discretionary, other than interest on the national debt. Social Security is discretionary. We have the discretion to change the law. Same is true with Medicare and Medicaid."
He "stood up to Barack Obama by passing legislation that prevents you from being forced to join government health plans or buy health insurance against your will."
When we had a conservative Republican president we were losing 750,000 jobs a month.
The (federal) debt is growing by more than $4 billion a day.
I have not insulted Donald personally.
The photonics bill that was sponsored in Congress and written, was written by Congressman Tom Reed, not Congresswoman Louise Slaughter.
Even a 100 percent tax on millionaires would only fund four months of government operations, failing to seriously address budget deficits and debt.
They tried to give us $400 million to build a high-speed train that goes 39 miles an hour.
In 2013, Dan Patrick voted "against funding to test the backlog of rape kits, allowing rapists to walk free."
McCain got more money from Airbus' U.S. executives than any other politician.
Between June 30 and July 10, CNN interviewed "17 Israeli public officials versus one" Palestinian official.
Says Roy Moore "has advocated getting the federal government out of health care altogether, which means doing away with Medicaid, which means doing away with Medicare."
Medicare will be bankrupt in nine years.
Most of the stimulus money will be spent "not this year, not next year, but in 2011."
Says Sen. Joe Manchin has a "$700,000 D.C. luxury yacht."
Four (maybe five) Latinos have served on the Austin City Council.
Just last May, the Department of Justice inspector general found that these (‘sanctuary city') policies also violate federal law.
Obama has proposed a 1.4% pay increase for active duty military in 2011. This is THE LOWEST SINCE 1973 ... A LOWER PAY INCREASE THAN WELFARE RECIPIENTS!!!
Recent solar energy policies in Georgia "have resulted in rate hikes and did not result in solar becoming any more economically viable."
Gov. Terry McAuliffe "has made several statements that he would love to be in a Cabinet secretary position with the Clinton administration."
Almost 10 percent of Canadians came to visit Florida last year ... (Canadians) buy 7.4 percent of our homes in the state.
John McCain has voted with George Bush 90 percent of the time.
Says there are more federal dollars in Gov. John Kasich's budget plan than in the previous state budget.
Virginia is "headed towards another surplus this year, unlike most states."
Viral internet photo shows a young Christine Blasey Ford
Ronald Reagan did amnesty.
Reporters have uncovered another Scott company accused of criminal acts. But Scott won't come clean.
Taxes went down under Jerry Brown.
(Bill) Ayers and Obama ran a radical education foundation together.
Says "Abortion clinics in Oregon, as in most states, have no state oversight and are not held to basic health or safety standards."
Says he lived up to a 2008 promise when he "closed corporate tax loopholes that were sending profits overseas."
Says the pension and health benefits reform "eliminated collective bargaining for health benefits."
Obama "won health care for 150,000 people."
Mathematically, the White Sox can still get in the playoffs.
The Greenlight Pinellas 1-cent sales tax "is permanent, we never get to vote on this again."
Obama held one of the first meetings of his political career in Bill Ayers's home. And they've worked together on various projects in Chicago.
Greitens accuser admits photo session may have been a ‘dream.' 
As President George W. Bush's trade representative, Portman failed to address China's currency manipulation, which was inflated to as much as 40 percent in 2006.
Georgia is one of three states that "effectively have no regulations whatsoever on lobbyists giving to legislators."
Rhode Island is the last state still using the Optech III P voting machines and they don't meet suggested federal standards.
Donald Trump's "golf course on the island defaulted, like so many of his other failed business schemes. The failure left Puerto Rican taxpayers with a nearly $33 million bill."
Nobody in total is proposing cutting anything. We're trying to reduce the rate of growth in government.
Homicides against blacks have tripled since Florida's "stand your ground" law has been in existence.
I have disagreed strongly with the Bush administration on this issue of global warming.
On the Keystone XL pipeline
Requiring photo ID would keep about 200,000 Missourians from voting.
Pinellas County voters "elected me as their chief financial officer … (and) elected me as (their) governor four years ago."
Most (immigrants) do show up in court.
Says Gov. Rick Scott allowed Republican legislators to cut his teacher pay raise proposal by 60 percent.
"Sixty-four percent of Americans support the Arizona immigration law.''	mostly true"
The pace of missile development between (Kim Jong Il and Kim Jong Un) has increased the testing about twenty-fold.
Lady Gaga announced she would cover her face "until Trump gets fired from office."
Forcing Americans off of their current health coverage and onto a government-run plan isn't the answer, but that's exactly what the Democrats' plan would do.
Donald Trump has "described Hillary Clinton as one of the best secretaries of state in history."
Iran "might not be a superpower, but the threat the government of Iran poses is anything but 'tiny,'" as Obama says.
Says that "we brought CHI Manufacturing, that had business in China, back to" Texas.
Preventive care does not save the government money.
John McCain "has not led on nonproliferation issues when he had the chance in the Senate."
You can collude all you want with a foreign government in an election. There's no such statute (that makes collusion a crime).
There was "serious voter fraud" in California.
Repeated requests for additional security in Benghazi were routinely denied by Hillary "Clinton's State Department."
Bill Gates' Former Doctor Says Billionaire ‘Refused To Vaccinate His Children'
We are about halfway to the president's goal to cut greenhouse gas emissions and "about half of that is because of the substitution of natural gas for coal in the power sector."
Marco Rubio thinks that government shouldn't be in the health care business at all.
A three-cents-per-ounce soda tax in Philadelphia "would result in the loss of 2,000 family-sustaining Teamster Union jobs and countless other jobs in the beverage industry."
Says Loretta Lynch's nomination "has been now sitting there longer than the previous seven attorney general nominees combined."
If you're one of the more than 250 million Americans who already have health insurance, you will keep your health insurance.
Says state Sen. Alberta Darling is "allowing mercury to harm our children" because she voted against an electronics recycling bill.
Under Trump's new tax plan … 99.8% of Americans get "not one nickel" in tax cuts.
I am the only person in this field who is against amnesty. Every other person in this field wants to allow people who are here illegally to be able to stay here, in one form or another.
Tax cuts approved and those proposed in his state budget "will exceed $8 billion by the time the budget is done."
The Obama administration's cap-and-trade plan would create "a $1,761 yearly energy tax."
We live in "a time of historically low violent crime rates and historically high gun ownership rates nationally."
6,400 Ohioans ... lost manufacturing jobs in the month of September.
Mr. Warren compared same-sex couples to incest.
You know, when this thing first hit, I signed a declaration of emergency for the six counties that were directly affected, impacted in the Panhandle, then I extended that not long thereafter down into Sarasota County.
Says Rick Santorum voted for the Bridge to Nowhere.
There haven't been tax cuts for the rich in Rhode Island.
The Obama administration just issued instructions that terrorism training should not involve any reference to Islam.
I'm self-funding my own campaign.
Thanks to the strong charter school reforms put in place while I was Senate President the online charter school ECOT "was caught and is out of business."
On the Iran nuclear deal
I would love to see us have in this country what I helped lead in Arkansas...Amendment 65 (which) says that we believe life begins at conception, and that we ought to do everything in the world possible to protect it until its natural conclusion.
We now actually import more oil than we did before 9/11.
The servers of the Pakistani gentleman that worked on the DNC are "missing."
German citizens were disarmed by their government in the late 1930s, which allowed the Nazis to "carry out their evil intentions with relatively little resistance."
Says he said last year there's "absolutely no reason" for Texas to secede.
Here are the facts: there is no massive wave of migrants pouring into California. Overall immigrant apprehensions on the border last year were as low as they've been in nearly 50 years (and 85 percent of the apprehensions occurred outside of California).
Caution: Kissing and cuddling chickens can be hazardous to your health.
Some Republicans who voted against the stimulus "have been all too happy to claim credit for Recovery Act projects and the jobs those projects have produced. They come to the ribbon cuttings."
By the end of his first term, President Obama will have added as much debt as all the prior 43 presidents combined.
Says "The idea of one casino per tribe is a false one."
The Nordic countries are some of the few countries that meet development aid goals.
If you have an investment for your child's education or own a mutual fund or a stock in a retirement plan, (Obama) is going to raise your taxes.
(I) helped to invent a system that saved over a billion dollars on welfare.
Under President (George W.) Bush, prosecution of gun crimes was 30 percent higher than it is under President Obama.
Says in his years as a Texas legislator, "we passed three pay increases for teachers and provided them with health insurance."
The federal government "has $3 trillion in cash flow, so we can pay our bills" and won't default.
Amendment 2 on medical marijuana won a higher percentage of the vote than the last six Florida governors, including Jeb Bush's 2002 landslide.
Over the last few decades, the income of the top 1 percent grew by more than 275 percent -- to an average of $1.3 million a year.
Says "Scott Walker wants to make abortion illegal, even in cases of rape, incest or to protect the life of the mother."
Says Rick Scott cut "Bright Futures scholarships in half."
Says U.S. Rep. Ron Kind's "stimulus cost taxpayers $278,000 per job."
We've cut taxes 50 times and look what has happened to our revenues. They've grown.
Neville Chamberlain told the British people: ‘Accept the Nazis. Yes, they will dominate the continent of Europe, but that is not our problem. Let's appease them. Why? Because it can't be done. We cannot possibly stand against them.'
Says "Donald Trump himself contributed $100,000" to the Clinton Foundation.
Says he cured Charlie Sheen and the island of Comoros of HIV with "milk from goats, which had arthritis."
Newark is "now home to one-third of all commercial and multi-family development."
The federal budget bill "reauthorizes the Overseas Private Investment Corporation, which provides taxpayer dollars so that the Four Seasons hotel can build a resort in Turkey."
We haven't had any legislation which took away one gun in the past 20 years from anybody in this country--not one.
The RESTORE Act started as an "effort to dedicate as much BP fine money as possible towards Gulf Coast restoration" but now "could steer money to places like the Great Lakes and West Coast."
A Republican proposal changes Medicare for those under age 55 so that they will "participate in the same kind of health plan that members of Congress do."
The U.S. has "over $62 trillion in unfunded liabilities."
Says Paul Ryan "wants to cut Pell Grant scholarships for nearly 10 million students."
Nearly 200,000 Florida voters may not be citizens.
Says the federal government is "the largest energy user in the country."
In 2009, Jim Doyle and the Democrats rushed through a budget repair bill with billions in tax increases and held no public hearings.
Says that Republican Darryl Glenn has described Democrats as "evil" and has said he's "tired of hearing about Republicans reaching across the aisle."
Pennsylvania has lost 35 percent of its manufacturing jobs since 2001 and "Harrisburg has lost 40 percent of its manufacturing jobs since 2001."
I'm the only Republican who has gotten endorsements in this presidential race from major labor unions...
Grandparents must pickup up all their grandchildren every weekend no matter what or they will be fined $5,000.
Says if you are on your bike in a crosswalk, all you have to do is dip your wheel into the road and cars must legally stop.
Says the stimulus bill sent tax credits overseas, such as "$1.2 billion to a solar company that's building a plant in Mexico."
Julia Roberts claims ‘Michelle Obama isn't fit to clean Melania's toilet' 
The federal government is "making the decision, whether we like it or not, to send 425 refugees to our state" from Syria.
Says Paul Ryan "tried to change the whole game" for Social Security
The weight of the evidence (on global warming) is that most of it, maybe all of it, is because of natural causes ... it's fair to say the science is in dispute.
New Jersey has lost over half of our pharmaceutical jobs to states you know, not low-tax states like in the South, but high-tax states like New York.
Says PolitiFact "listed Governor Scott Walker of Wisconsin as the Governor who told the most lies" and "our own ‘untruthful' Governor Chris Christie made it into Politifact's top five of ‘Lie - en Governors'."
The federal government can tell General Motors what to charge for its automobiles.
Planned Parenthood is "not actually doing women's health issues."
Pay-as-you-go "is the principle that helped transform large deficits into surpluses in the 1990s."
James Langevin "has received almost $20 million from taxpayers and special interests to use at his own discretion to supposedly champion Rhode Island's needs."
Says Fort Hood near Killeen, Texas, is "the largest military installation in the free world."
The Senate immigration bill is … filled with things like rewards for au pair agencies, Alaskan seafood processors and Vegas casinos.
Washington Heidi supports sanctuary cities, where illegal immigrants can be released on our streets, like this criminal, who was let go and then sexually assaulted a child.
Says President Obama "helped more than half a million veterans and military family members go to college through the Post-9/11 G.I. Bill."
President Donald Trump "announced that he would reinstate a national day of remembrance for fallen officers that the traitor before him had done away with."
If you look at the benefits and wages of recorded federal employees, they far outstrip the market rates of the private sector.
Under Republican-backed state budget, the state education agency estimates expansion of Wisconsin's school voucher program "could cost nearly $2 billion annually"
I had five of my citizens that were killed last week because of border security problems.
Las Vegas shooting witnesses report multiple gunmen dressed as security guards.
Under President Barack Obama's jobs bill, "you can sue if you are unemployed and don't get the job and think you weren't hired because you are unemployed."
Because of Democratic tax hikes, New Jersey ended a decade with fewer private sector jobs for the first time in recorded history.
Jason Carter backed three of Nathan Deal's budgets but accuses the governor of "underfunding education."
Says that President Obama promised that with the stimulus plan, "unemployment would never go above 8 percent. He even said it would be 6 percent by now."
Just 9 percent of Muslims in Pakistan view ISIS favorably. Unfortunately, that 9 percent is 16 million people. And that's just one country.
Says "your Legislative Assembly was within one vote of enacting each of those bills into Oregon law."
Says in the governor's proposed budget "the use of that, what is called one-shots, is a 500 percent increase over the last Corzine budget."
Teachers will not be able to return to work after raising their children.
The immigration bill includes free "Obamacars," motorcycles or scooters.
Federal employees are making twice as much as their private counterparts.
#Business formation is still on the rise in Ohio! So far in 2011 we've assisted w/ 44,443 new business filings.
NFL lawyer, who claimed Super Bowl is ‘rigged', found dead.
George W. Bush was "the least popular president in modern history."
If you look at Latino kids between 17 and 20 who graduated high school, 36 percent of them are unemployed or underemployed. … African-American kids are unemployed or underemployed to the tune of 51 percent.
Texans spend $2.5 billion gambling in our neighboring states every year.
You see a whole bunch of Korean cars here in the United States, and you don't see any American cars in Korea.
Says the president of the University of Texas has raised four-year student graduation rates to 75 percent.
The Obama administration's "own Environmental Protection Agency" has said its Clean Power Plan "will have a marginal impact on climate change."
Says the U.S. Constitution provides for just compensation when land is taken under eminent domain.
A federal system that verifies employees are authorized to work in the U.S. is inaccurate "anywhere from 50 percent all the way up to in excess of 80" percent of the time.
The Electoral College is much more advantageous for Democrats.
I'm one of two members of Congress out of 535 that takes no corporate cash, no political action committee money.
He (Obama) chairs the subcommittee on Europe. ... He's held not one substantive hearing to do oversight.
Economic Development Commission Executive Director Keith Stokes "sent me a letter and he said the taxpayers will never be on the hook for these bonds" for 38 Studios.
Smog was invented in Los Angeles. It was. The name was invented. There was a fellow at Caltech and he came up with the idea and they called it smog.
Say a boy was 'caged' in a wire enclosure.
Says he was the only Republican candidate at a prior debate who said lower-income workers were being hurt by the economy.
St. Pete Beach's local version of Amendment 4 resulted in "seemingly endless lawsuits (that) decimated the city's legal budget and forced the city to raise the property tax rate."
We have completely turned our economy around.
In a majority of states, you can now marry freely, but can still be fired for who you love.
House Bill 991 "could lead to the opening of as many as 2,000 new liquor stores."
There's a large number of schools in Texas that don't even offer sex education.
Hedge fund managers and others in private equity pay much lower (tax) rates on their income than do truck drivers and teachers and nurses.
Well, you know, the Teamsters wanted to drill in Alaska. I voted against drilling in Alaska. So it's not like I'm a slam dunk on every issue.
The richest 80 people in the world own more wealth than the bottom half of the global population.
Says Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell has "blocked the Senate over 400 times."
I fought to bring about the largest private-sector infrastructure project in North American history.
One of the biggest causes of our soaring debt and economic insecurity ends up being Pentagon spending. The budget for the Pentagon consumes more than half of our discretionary spending.
John Adcock and Republicans' plan for health care "would get rid of coverage altogether for thousands of families and raise premiums on the rest of us."
In Japan, "they take a bowling ball from 20 feet up in the air and they drop it on the hood of the car. And if the hood dents, then the car doesn't qualify...It's horrible, the way we're treated."
JUST IN: Actor ‘Vin Deisel' dies after a Failed Attempt to Perfect a Stunt on set. ​
Says Georgia Power customers pay 10 percent to 15 percent below the national average for electricity.
This is a test of the fact-checking widget.
Cory Gardner is sponsoring a bill to ban all abortions right now.
Austin mayoral candidate Steve Adler has "never been active in anything that has to do with City Hall."
20,000 Kansans lost their health insurance because of (Obamacare).
John McCain's health care plan "won't guarantee coverage of cancer screenings or maternity care."
Says the difference between her and Barack Obama is "about 35 years of experience."
Says "Sean Duffy was a no-show" as Ashland County District Attorney while he was on the campaign trail
U.S. taxpayers are being forced to fund Feisal Abdul Rauf's trip to the Middle East.
The economy is "creating jobs at the fastest pace since 1999."
I've traveled the country advocating for the FairTax ...
Next year, "you will be mandated by federal law to get rid of your existing light bulbs."
Congressional Republicans "want to take health care from millions of Americans in order to pay for" a tax bill.
Wisconsin's "rainy day fund" is "165 times bigger than when we first took office."
Walmart rewards everyone with $75 coupon to celebrate its 125th Anniversary
Paul Workman wants to raise the sales tax.
The national debt is equal to $48,700 for every American or $128,300 for every U.S. household. It is now equivalent to the size of our entire economy.
Already we've identified $2 trillion in deficit reductions over the next decade.
Unemployment numbers "are artificial numbers. These are numbers that are massaged to make the existing economy look good, to make this administration look good when, in fact, it's a total disaster."
Over 40 of our 100 (House of) Delegates seats go uncontested every year, and over 40 percent of our state senate seats go uncontested every year.
The Republican governor who stood up and cut spending instead of raising taxes.
Says that as a gubernatorial candidate, Chris Christie "promised no school cuts."
During the Eisenhower Administration, "not a single soldier … died in combat."
Health insurance companies are "making record profits, right now."
Missouri "is the state with the lowest paid workers."
About 47 percent of able-bodied people in the state of Maine don't work.
The transportation tax is regressive, and Emory University is "literally getting its own transit line at virtually no cost to itself."
The Obama administration offered "no magic number" of people that needed to sign up for health care on the marketplaces.
Says of disclosing his $20,000 speech about Syria, "there was no hiding. I released it."
The company I created, Point Judith Capital, "is the only venture capital firm in Rhode Island."
Judge Sotomayor has said "that policy is made on the U.S. Court of Appeals."
More than 43 percent of all food stamps are given to illegals.
And 100 percent, John, of your ads . . . 100 percent of them have been negative.
$360 million of our tax dollars went straight to ... the Taliban.
Since ObamaCare and the stimulus passed, the unemployment rate in the U.S. has increased.
Ted Strickland destroyed Ohio jobs when he busted the budget.
More black babies are aborted in NYC than born.
Kasich's trade deals cost Ohio thousands of jobs - 49,000 jobs to Mexico, 91,000 to China.
Seven hundred thousand. That's how many California jobs will be lost thanks to the politicians raising the minimum wage….Now Florida is adding one million jobs, not losing them.
Says Ron Johnson gave himself a $10 million 'sweetheart corporate payout'
Oregon "is the most trade-dependent state in the nation"
The Obama administration's policies "have reduced minority dropout rate by 25 percent."
There are "paid protesters" involved in the Stephon Clark demonstrations.
The typical Wisconsin worker makes $5,000 less each year than our neighbors in Minnesota under Gov. Scott Walker's policies.
Apple has just announced it plans to invest a total of $350 billion in America, and hire another 20,000 workers.
There are at least three sectors of the border, one in particular, that are just completely insecure.
Says Bernie Sanders chose "to spend his honeymoon in the Soviet Union in 1988."
In the 1970s, "the swine flu broke out . . . under another Democrat, President Jimmy Carter."
@Jorge_Elorza still think your plan is safe? Rescue Captain Kenyon just worked 96 hours straight. 96 hours.
As bank president, Alex Sink eliminated thousands of Florida jobs while taking over $8 million in salary and bonuses.
So many of these people that commit the mass murders end up being Democrats.
Education funding of $7,176 per student is a "historic level."
Josh Mandel "is lying about his own record. The rating of Ohio's investment fund has NOT improved."
West Virginia University's incoming freshman class has the "highest-ever GPA"
Supreme Court issues its first bench warrant ever.
Says President Obama "has never made a statement ... that he wanted a residual force left (in Iraq)."
In South Carolina, women earn 76 cents on the dollar to men's earnings.
(For) white working-class America, death rates among white men are up 20 percent.
For the cost of the Iraq War we could've ended world hunger for 30 years.
John McCain stood up to the president and sounded the alarm on global warming ... five years ago.
Two elections in a row (Waukesha County Clerk Kathy Nickolaus) has screwed up counting the vote
We came out of the White House not only dead broke, but in debt.
Gov. McAuliffe's budget would "raid school, other $$ 4 Obamacare in VA."
If black America were a country, it'd be the 15th wealthiest nation in the world.
A majority of the candidates on this stage have supported amnesty ... I have never supported amnesty.
McCain opposed the border fence.
Says he was sued by the NRA and the gun lobby "all because in my city we refused to repeal an ordinance which said you couldn't shoot guns in city parks."
Scott Walker "had a 2.3 GPA when he was asked to leave Marquette University for cheating."
Says a recent study shows Florida students are second in the world in fourth grade reading, behind Singapore.
Says under the Affordable Care Act, New Jersey's "new (Medicaid) enrollees won't qualify for the matching federal funds simply because we added them onto the rolls before 2014."
Wisconsin's new state budget includes "a 15 percent increase for road construction and yet we've got local towns tearing up" paved roads and replacing them with gravel.
A government shutdown "could disrupt ... veterans' benefits."
Cher "is moving to Canada because of President Trump."
Says "taxes were raised 115 times in the eight years before I became governor" and those increases were part of a "path that led to wealth and jobs and people leaving our state."
In head-to-head polls for the general election, "I beat Hillary Clinton by more than anybody, by 11 points."
Says a quote at the top of the redesigned website for the Department of Justice comes from a socialist who wanted to impose global common law.
Rhode Island Treasurer Gina Raimondo "raised the mortality rate from 65 to 87" and "used a 1994 annuity chart" to create the pension crisis.
Says President Barack Obama "is a socialist."
Mickey Mouse was registered to vote (in Florida).
Says Scott Walker said "Labor unions don't deserve to have a national holiday" due to their damage to the economy. And the holiday "should be replaced by Patriots Day, celebrated every year on 9/11."
Under current conditions, by 2023, the interest payments on the national debt will be $722 billion, larger than the projected defense spending of $696 billion.
The per-pupil cost in the [Blackstone Valley Prep] Mayoral Academy far outweighs the per-pupil cost in Cumberland public schools.
Says Texas has one state inspector for every 4,500 oil and gas wells.
Rhode Island has a [inmate] recidivism rate of over 60 percent.
Says a recent opioid bill that reached his desk had "very little Democrat support."
Before this law, any group could go out anywhere, register voters, sit on the voter registration forms for unlimited amount of time.
The biggest job of the surgeon general is to translate health care and health care needs into plain English.
All of Texas is conservative, except a little bit of Austin.
Health reform will "give every American the same opportunity" to buy health insurance the way members of Congress do.
Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama want to raise capital gains taxes, which apply to home sales.
Providence teachers "can go five or six years without an evaluation."
Says Charlie Bass supports Paul Ryan plan that forces seniors to pay $6,400 a year more for health care so millionaires can pay less in taxes.
Says he "cut the budget."
The Obama administration "has been constrained by the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, which basically gives the responsible party the lead role in trying to not only fix the problem, but contain the problem."
The deficit was on track to top $1 trillion the year I took office.
The Obama Administration wants to have soldiers and officers pledge a loyalty oath directly to the office of the President, and no longer to the Constitution.
Said the year before he took office, the state lost 119,000 private-sector jobs, labeling them "Corzine jobs losses of 2009."
As first lady, Clinton would travel to places that were "too small, too poor or too dangerous" for the president.
Recent studies have confirmed that any academic benefits of government funded preschool disappear by the fourth grade.
Obama supports "teaching schoolchildren — in 2nd grade, no less — about homosexual relationships."
Reauthorizing the Children's Health Insurance Program "for six years saves $1 billion" and doing it for 10 years saves $6 billion.
United States of America is twenty-sixth in school performance in the world.
Says Hillary Clinton "wants to essentially abolish the Second Amendment."
The stories from women saying he groped or forced himself on them "largely have been debunked."
Ron Klein "sponsored an amendment that specifically allows price gouging."
Says Texas did not bail out a loan program he oversaw as state agriculture commissioner.
Says Melania Trump's security detail at Trump Tower costs more than the annual budget for the National Endowment for the Arts.
Says he "actually wrote the bipartisan law that makes it illegal to drill off Florida's coast."
We're inches away from no longer having a free economy.
Seventy-three percent of our veterans are graduating from drug courts. By contrast, I think most of the people in the very good drug court program — the graduation rate's like 53, 55 percent. The point of that is that drug courts are working for veterans.
Georgia lawmakers balanced the budget without raising taxes on residents.
The stimulus program "cut taxes for 95 percent of the American people."
One out of every three students currently today is ready for college before they go there.
The "state bureaucracy" Jane Norton managed "grew by $43 million in just three years."
When Sarah Palin was in government, Barack Obama was a community organizer.
The flu shot is "designed to spread cancer."
Janice Hahn hired hard-core gang members with taxpayer money to be 'gang-intervention specialists.' She even helped them get out of jail, so they could rape and kill again.
The cheerleaders for the Dallas Cowboys have "entertained more troops in the world than Bob Hope."
More than 1 million Texans live without affordable health care because Rick Perry failed to "partner with the Legislature to find a Texas solution to closing the coverage gap."
Under Rick Scott, homeowners are paying higher (home insurance) premiums for less coverage.
Says "Christine Blasey Ford's letter to Sen. Dianne Feinstein revealed to be a total FAKE… contains 14 glaring errors that could only be committed by a poorly educated writer." ​
The infant mortality rate is 15 percent higher in states with right-to-work laws.
The brutal fact is, when it comes to education, America is slipping behind other nations.
While introducing Donald Trump, former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani omitted the September 11, 2001, strikes as a ‘successful' terrorist attack during the eight years before President Obama's 2008 election.
Only 15 percent of drug users are African-American, yet 74 percent of all drug offenders sentenced to prison are black
Grocery prices "have risen significantly over the past year or so."
When we took office, let me remind you, there was virtually no international pressure on Iran.
Says Charlie Crist "voted against minimum wage when he was in the Senate."
The top one-tenth of 1 percent of Americans "own almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent."
Says Scott Brown "voted to reward" companies "to ship jobs overseas."
Says the proposed fiscal year 2013 budget "is still below the level of state spending when I took office."
On whether the governor of Massachusetts should be able to appoint an interim U.S. senator
China account(s) for 90 percent of North Korean trade.
From 2010-2014, median household income in Wisconsin "has actually gone up 7.4 percent."
On legalizing illegal immigrants.
On choosing a Texas House speaker
Fifty percent of workers ages 55 to 64 have "zero" money "in the bank as they enter retirement."
Says businesses "already pay most of the taxes."
The diversity visa lottery is "plagued by fraud."
On whether to eliminate the state income tax.
The video doesn't show the broader picture of the firing that was going on at American troops.
You're more likely to be the victim of a violent crime in Milwaukee than in 96 percent of the country.
The Obama administration's "green" stimulus program "funneled close to $2 billion dollars to overseas firms," creating thousands of jobs in China.
I've cut taxes for ... middle-class families, small businesses.
Says Gov. Chris Christie's proposal to reduce state income taxes "would be the second tax cut for the rich by the governor in two years."
Says there are four super PACs on the Republican side of the Texas U.S. Senate race.
The "Democrat majority in the Senate has failed to submit [a] budget in the past 1,000 days."
Kay Bailey Hutchison was elected state treasurer, succeeding Ann Richards. Democrats then abolished the position ... Hutchison later became a U.S. senator.
Says President Donald Trump as a candidate mentioned WikiLeaks "over 160 times in speeches" in the last month of the campaign.
The U.S. Census believes that by 2030 the majority of Americans will use Spanish as their first language.
We have cut taxes more than 40 times in four years.
Independent groups behind ads attacking Democratic candidates are "front groups for foreign-controlled companies."
This year West Virginia produced more AmeriCorps members than any other state.
Says Mitt Romney flip-flopped on abortion.
Says many public-employee unions falsely told their Wisconsin members his budget-repair bill sought 12 percent to 13 percent of their incomes for health insurance premiums.
Says Winston Churchill said, "A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on."
So far this year, more students have been killed in schools than soldiers in combat zones.
Senate Democrats "have never held up a Supreme Court nomination."
We were the No. 1 job creator in America in February and we are now the No. 4 job creator in the last year.
If you look worldwide, the number of terrorist incidents have not substantially increased.
I opposed TPP (Trans-Pacific Partnership) and have always opposed TPP.
Says "political interference" from Scott Walker's administration has led to "gagging (DNR) scientists so they can no longer comment on proposed legislation" and "we're letting polluters write their own permits."
As a state senator in Illinois, Obama made sure women got equal pay for equal work.
This March, for the first time in human history, the monthly average carbon dioxide in our atmosphere exceeded 400 parts per million. The range had been 170-300 parts per million for hundreds of thousands of years.
Supreme Court nominee Merrick Garland "voted to uphold" D.C.'s ban on handguns.
Says Rick Perry "turned down our invitation to meet" President Barack Obama in El Paso.
BREAKING: Rosa Parks' Granddaughter SLAMS Racist Democrats, Endorses Trump
Says Brett Kavanaugh "has said the president shouldn't be investigated."
Solar and wind energy are "both cheaper than nuclear right now."
Since 2012, city of Austin "property taxes have gone up almost 30 percent while incomes have only risen 4 percent."
On supporting the budget proposed by Rep. Paul Ryan
Says under his budget-repair bill, "collective bargaining is fully intact."
Says Anthropology is a STEM (science, technology, engineering, math) field.
The overwhelming number of school districts reported their staff stayed the same or grew after the 2011-'13 state budget
If you look at most of the polls, this is a margin-of-error race on Fourth of July between Mitt Romney and the president.
Drinking champagne could help prevent Alzheimer's and other forms of dementia.
The state constitution "clearly says there's not to be a state income tax in Tennessee."
I spent only $36.29 on my campaign for governor.
Josh Mandel used to be pro-choice, now he's anti-choice. He used to be sympathetic towards gay and lesbians and now he's [not].
[The] ACLU and atheists in Denver are demanding the NFL stop [Tim Tebow] from praying on the sidelines.
Says "Morgan Carroll opposed requiring convicted sex offenders to register their online profiles, making it harder to track online sex offenders and child predators."
The House GOP super PAC in DC is spending more to help my opponent than anyone else.
Says "96 percent of (Google News) results on ‘Trump News' are from National Left-Wing Media."
Says Erv Nelson voted "yes on the pro-amnesty SJR 21, a bill urging Congress to provide citizenship for those residing illegally in our country."
Elorza wants to teach our public school children about the ‘non-existence of God.'
The United States is "behind many countries in Europe in terms of the ability of every kid in America to get ahead."
As Governor: Romney did not keep public safety funding in line with inflation.
Says U.S. Rep. Ted Yoho said "African Americans should only be given three-fifths of a vote."
Over the last several years, 40 percent (of) the jobs created in Texas were created for illegal aliens.
The U.S. Department of Defense spends $80 million a year on prostate cancer research, $25 million a year on ovarian cancer research and $150 million a year on breast cancer research.
Says last year "13 million (health insurance) rebates went out, in all 50 states. Another 8.5 (million) rebates are being sent out this summer, averaging around 100 bucks each."
In Wisconsin, the stimulus paid for a bridge to a bar called Rusty's Backwater Saloon. They've got great burgers, but no new jobs.
Says U.S. Rep. Tom Price is sending letters both supporting and opposing the "small-business killing Internet Tax Mandate."
Says Austin is the "largest city in America without a congressional district anchored in it."
Says the EPA "outsourced the scientific basis for its greenhouse gas regulation to a scandal-plagued international organization that cannot be considered objective or trustworthy."
The Social Security disability fund is going belly up in 2016.
A quarter of our workers make $18,000 per year.
However, it took $19.5 million in Oregon Lottery funds for the Port of Newport to eventually land the new NOAA Marine Operations Center-Pacific.
I just talked about guns. I told you what my position was, and what I did as governor, the fact that I received the endorsement of the NRA.
North Carolina's coast "is possibly the best place in (the) U.S. for an offshore windfarm."
Before the Affordable Care Act, (West Virginia's) uninsured rate for people 64 to 19 was 29 percent. Today, it is 9 percent.
Says President Donald Trump's proposal to allow Americans to buy health insurance across state lines would make it the same as "the way you buy car insurance" today.
Most of, if not all of, the [DeKalb school construction] projects always came in on or were under budget.
Electricity rates are 40 percent higher in states that have required utility companies to use a certain amount of renewable energy such as solar power.
Says that in her speech to the pro-Israel group AIPAC, Hillary Clinton "had one line on the Palestinian people."
As the election tracker FiveThirtyEight has reported, whoever wins Pennsylvania will be our next President.
Says "Hillary Clinton's rejection of efforts to make it easier to vote and harder to cheat not only defies logic, but the will of the majority of Americans."
Says Obama administration delay of health care law's employer mandate affects about 1 percent of the American workforce.
He positions himself as pro environment, but he scored a zero — yes, zero — from the League of Conservation Voters last year.
Says Judge Brett Kavanaugh "ruled that the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau was unconstitutional (reversed by full Circuit Court)."
We've seen more manufacturing jobs created since I've been president than anytime since the 1990s. That's a fact.
Agriculture "is the strongest industry in Ohio."
Says Mitt Romney's plan "calls for a $5 trillion tax cut."
Thousands of folks are opening West Virginia E-ZPass accounts.
(Mexican immigrants) are more law-abiding than U.S. citizens and that is a statistic.
One of the things we found very clearly and consistently is that [video gaming] is a growth industry.
Only about a third of Texans who enroll in college graduate.
Since the end of the financial crisis, we have seen an average of one community bank or credit union disappear every day.
Lorain "is the poorest urban school district in the state of Ohio."
Larry Krasner is the only candidate running for District Attorney who explicitly pledges to never seek the death penalty.
Sharron Angle supported "a Scientology plan to give massages to prisoners."
Says Scott Walker is "forcing some women to undergo a transvaginal probe to get an abortion."
Congresswoman Ros-Lehtinen has long record of voting against VA backlog fixes.
Crimea became part of Ukraine only in 1954. Crimea was historically part of Russia, and (Nikita) Khrushchev gave it to Ukraine in a gesture that mystified some people.
New Jersey is the only state in the union that spent less on higher education than it did at the beginning of the decade.
We understand that this heroin is primarily coming from Mexico, over the border.
In 2009, the Small Business & Entrepreneurship Council ranked Ohio 11th in the nation and 1st in the Midwest for overall business climate.
Mitt Romney did not run his campaign on the basis of arguing his experience in the business world was a reason to vote for him.
We've achieved a historic increase in defense spending to get our troops the support they so richly deserve.
Emboldened by election, Texas Republicans kill Medicaid funding for kids with disabilities.
Given the results of the primary, the vote of one New Hampshire superdelegate is equal to the votes of about 10,000 grassroots activists.
Rhode Island's legislature is "the strongest in the country."
In 2009, Democratic Wisconsin state senators "rammed through a billion-dollar tax hike in 24 hours with no public input."
Libya supplies the oil for China. We get no oil from Libya.
Six justices on the U.S. Supreme Court have been "confirmed in presidential election years since 1912."
One man sacrificed for his country. One man opposed a flawed strategy in Iraq. One man had the courage to call for change. One man didn't play politics with the truth. One man stands up to the special interests.
Company may close, "all because government essentially says if they don't hire a lifeguard to watch their workers, they can't stay open."
If you don't buy cigarettes at your local supermarket, your grocery bill won't go up a dime. The same is true of the sugary drink tax. If passed, you can avoid paying the tax by not buying sugary drinks.
Malia Obama was "among 10 arrested in racist Antifa attack," and the cop who arrested her was "found dead under suspicious circumstances."
Says it has offered $12 million in savings through 2011 and $184 million in savings over the next 25 years in contract negotiations with the City of Milwaukee.
More people were killed by terrorists in 2015 than in any other year ever, after an 80 percent increase from 2014.
America is No. 1 one in oil and gas.
The United States is no longer "top nation in the globe on infrastructure," having fallen to 15th.
A flight from Atlanta to Houston was canceled due to a "terrorist dry run."
Almost all of the polls that have come out suggest that I am a much stronger candidate against the Republicans than is Hillary Clinton.
President Barack Obama spent "$5 billion paying Ukrainians to riot and dismantle their democratically elected government."
false
Says Trump ties are made "in China, not Colorado. Trump suits in Mexico, not Michigan. Trump furniture in Turkey, not Ohio. Trump picture frames in India, not Wisconsin."
Says Barack Obama's comments indicate he "believes in redistribution" of wealth.
Since taking office, President Obama has signed into law spending increases of nearly 25 percent for domestic government agencies, an 84 percent increase when you include the failed stimulus.
Today, it is more difficult to enlist in the U.S. military than it is to enroll in college.
Says government is a barrier to innovation and development.
Women "earn only 77 cents for every dollar earned by men in the same position."
On whether he would run for U.S. Senate in 2012.
Last year, "244 suspected terrorists walked into gun shops and attempted to purchase a firearm; 223 were able to get the firearm."
Says a gun bill before the Senate "is proposing the universal registration of all firearms and their owners."
Chicago is experiencing right now the highest employment since 1950.
Says it's "absurd" to say there's enough data to establish a link between playing football and Chronic Traumatic Encephalopathy.
Says Mitt Romney's investments created zero jobs.
The Fulton County vote count will be finished by 11:30 p.m. on election night.
As chairman of the Fulton board of commissioners, I turned a $100 million deficit into a balanced budget.
Says U.S. Senate candidate Tommy Thompson "admitted" that Washington, D.C., "changed" him into an insider selling his influence to make millions from powerful special interests.
These people that we were going to deport for good reason ended up becoming citizens. Ended up becoming citizens. And it was 800. And now it turns out it might be 1,800, and they don't even know.
Ohio lost 400,000 jobs on his (Ted Strickland's) watch.
Our businesses have created nearly twice as many jobs in this recovery as they had at the same point in the last recovery, when there was no Obamacare.
State employees are actually going to get a pay raise.
The lack of an automatic braking system that could have prevented the Philadelphia Amtrak crash "wasn't driven by a lack of funding. It just takes a while. They (Congress) just passed it in the recent past."
RNC version of a Hillary Clinton valentine: "Roses are red, violets are blue, I'll raise your taxes and there is nothing you can do."
Two months ago, Donald Trump said that ISIS was not our fight.
When we lower tax rates, we generate more in revenues. That happened in '86 with the Reagan plan, happened in 2001, following the Bush plan.
Currently, the intelligence community "can collect business records on law-abiding Americans who have no connection to terrorism."
Says Republican-approved changes to "make it more difficult to participate in Ohio elections include reducing in-person early voting from 35 days to six."
Women are paid 77 cents for every $1 men get for the same work.
The University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee has "2.8 students per faculty" member, "tied for second-lowest in its history since 1994."
Say Sean Hannity said in 2008 that Obama's willingness to meet with North Korea was "disturbing" while Trump's "willingness to meet with North Korea is a huge foreign policy win."
Since the United States began negotiations with Iran, "that's probably the first year and a half in which Iran has not advanced its nuclear program in the last decade."
Central Health "is the only hospital district in Texas that spends taxpayer dollars on abortions."
Ethanol reduced gas prices by 89 cents per gallon in 2010, and if ethanol disappeared, gas prices could rise by as much as 92 percent.
Online voter registration is a "more secure" way of doing voter registration.
The only candidate pocketing big money from people who want to destroy coal is Mitch McConnell.
Benzene has "never been proven to be harmful."
“Bill White ...offered sanctuary to illegal immigrants.”
There are more guns than there are people in the United States.
Florida is now the No. 1 state in the country for automobile accident fraud.
If you take the population growth here in Virginia, we are net zero on job creation since (Bob McDonnell) became governor.
The IRS will have the ability potentially to deny or delay health care.
As a result of the House Republican bill, the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office now confirms that families will see their health care premiums reduced by up to 10 percent.
In New York City, "murders are up."
The federal government right now does not deport criminals.
Leonardo DiCaprio explains why he's moving to Casselberry, Florida.
Says under Mitt Romney, Massachusetts was 47th in job creation.
Says he "got lobbied" by a woman with late-stage cancer about vaccinating Texas girls against a virus that can cause cervical cancer.
We get practically nothing compared to the cost of keeping U.S. military forces in South Korea.
Not a single unarmed white person has been shot by the police in New York in about 45 years.
When (Ron DeSantis) was asked what cancer patients should do without health insurance, DeSantis said 'show up to the emergency room.'
Says Connie Mack "failed to pay his child support."
Says David Jolly "supports privatizing Social Security."
Says he has seen Border Patrol signs near the Mexico border in English, Spanish and Chinese.
The United States has never stood by and seen innocent people slaughtered to the extent that's happening in Syria.
Says Democratic opponent is "too Republican to stand up for us."
The Senate Finance Committee approved a reform proposal that has both Democratic and Republican support.
The governor having a meeting ... isn't covered by the open meetings act.
Gov. Scott Walker and the Republican-controlled state legislature have added over $140 million in new special interest spending
I never said that Muslims would be subject to profiling under his policies.
Says "$1,100 of the tuition paid by every Oregon university student annually goes just to pay the costs of PERS."
I left the White House $16 million in debt.
Newt Gingrich has been a proponent of selecting a president by popular vote instead of the Electoral College.
“In three days last week, (Gov. Rick) Perry flew to five cities at taxpayers' expense, holding press conferences, delivering $2,325,000 in checks.”
Says the federal health care law upheld by the Supreme Court "has improved or saved the lives of more than 4,000 Texans" otherwise prevented from obtaining health coverage due to pre-existing conditions.
Romney outsourced call center jobs to India.
Says state schools superintendent candidate Don Pridemore "voted for the largest cuts to public education in our state history" and for "$2.3 billion in tax breaks for corporations and the wealthy."
The average family not in the top 10 percent makes less money today than they were making a generation ago.
The poorest counties in the U.S. are in Appalachia and "happen to be more than 90 percent white."
And, you know, our first president and our first commander in chief prayed every day. He had a field manual of prayers.
Says the Obama administration never responded to his 2012 letter flagging the uptick in unaccompanied children crossing the U.S.-Mexico border.
We have the highest funding in (the) K-12 system in the history of the state.
Going to public financing really disadvantages Democrats because you're not able to raise funds between the day you win the primaries and the time you're officially nominated.
Says Bernie Sanders "wants higher standards for toy guns than real guns."
If you take into account all the people who are struggling for work, or have just stopped looking, the real unemployment rate is over 15 percent.
The proudest accomplishment (of my tenure) was leaving the state with a $1.2 billion surplus, which was the largest we'd ever had, and getting spending under control and a balanced budget.
On whether NATO is "obsolete."
Cap-and-trade is wildly unpopular with Americans.
A majority of drunk driving deaths and injuries are caused by drunk driving offenders with no prior convictions.
John Kerry is "now working on the behalf of foreign terrorist governments."
A public option for health care would end private insurance "because the private insurance people will not be able to compete with a government option."
Under the House Republican budget, "if these cuts were to be spread out evenly … the year after next, nearly 10 million college students would see their financial aid cut by an average of more than $1,000 each."
Since Sept. 11, 2001, "270,000 Americans were killed by gunfire at home."
Two-thirds of Granite Staters oppose the Tea Party and its agenda on labor unions.
ISIS is running through a border made porous by Barack Obama's policies.
Since NAFTA's adoption, the United States racked up trade deficits totaling more than $2 trillion.
Our tax rates are lower now than they were under Ronald Reagan. They're much lower than they were under Dwight Eisenhower.
The transportation package passed by the General Assembly would impose the "largest tax increase in Virginia's history."
Our conservative Georgia values are under attack ... (People) are "calling for the removal of George Washington and Thomas Jefferson statues."
Richard Burr voted to protect tax breaks for companies that ship jobs overseas but voted against a tax break to help working people.
In 2007, Ed Gillespie "was paid $300,000 to be the frontman for a coalition that made the individual mandate the centerpiece of its health reform plan."
Bill McCollum "served as a lobbyist whose clients enabled mortgages for illegal immigrants."
No court has held (Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals) unconstitutional.
Says the man who rushed the stage at him in Dayton, Ohio, "had chatter about ISIS, or with ISIS" in his social media posts.
Amendment 4 will reduce Florida's economic output by $34 billion annually.
After hearing "the frustrations parents and teachers have with the FCAT," next year "we begin improving our testing system."
President Obama . . . wants to mandate circumcision.
Says "in this next biennium, the cost of primary and secondary education is going to increase by more that $1000 per student. Half of that $1000 – $500 per student – is accounted for by the increased cost of PERS alone."
John wasn't this raging populist four years ago when he ran for president.
Under Obamacare, Virginia taxpayers would have been "forced to pay for abortions" if the General Assembly had not recently intervened.
By declaring that Pluto was no longer a planet, the (International Astronomical Union) put into place a planetary definition that would have even declassified Earth as a planet if it existed as far from the sun as Pluto does.
Nearly half of all pregnancies in the U.S. are unintended.
Yesterday afternoon the Republicans in the General Assembly used the nuclear option to pass North Carolina's over $20 billion budget.
Even the employees' union for the IRS -- the very people in charge of enforcing this law -- are begging to be let out from under this law.
I have the most Grammys of anyone my age, but I haven't won one against a white person.
I've been on the Armed Services (Committee) for 10 years. No call or meeting w/ Russian ambassador. Ever.
The Postal Service only gives tribal residents PO boxes. The Republican-controlled Supreme Court just said it's totally okay for North Dakota to demand that ONLY residents with street addresses can vote. Native Americans were the last to get the right to vote, and now they are the first to lose it.
We had a waiting list in Chittenden County when I came into office of about 700. ... We opened a new treatment hub in St. Albans, and it reduced that number to zero.
We have got 20 million folks out there across this land who have told the federal government, ‘Phooey, nonsense, I'm not going to participate in your program, because it doesn't do what I need done.' 
U.S. Steel just announced that they are building six new steel mills.
Says Arizona congressional candidate Ray Strauss is "a ‘Champion of Big Government' for his votes to raise taxes while on the local city council."
A couple of debates ago, (Donald Trump) said if you don't support socialized health care, you're heartless.
Right now, the (Congressional Budget Office) says up to 20 million people will lose their insurance as Obamacare goes into effect next year.
Mt. Hood Community College is No. 1 on average and top faculty pay and benefits.
We had 2 percent of the global market (for advanced batteries) when he (Obama) started. We now have 16 percent, headed to 40 percent by 2015.
Says in March New Jersey was "one of only eight states in the nation to lose jobs" and "the state with the highest loss of jobs in the nation."
We have one of the highest percentages per capita of nonprofits in this state of any state in the union.
PolitiFact Texas gave a David Dewhurst TV ad "a ‘Pants-on-Fire' rating as an outrageous lie."
Says "the No. 2 cause of death in the U.S. (for) women under 50 is being killed by their spouse or domestic partner."
Political activists are "being paid" to protest members of Congress.
Gov. Bill Haslam is "making our Economic Development department Sharia compliant" by hiring a woman "who specializes in Sharia compliance. That's what her job is."
New Castle County's unemployment rate has not almost doubled in the last two years.
Gov. Crist has never wavered in his support of the Second Amendment, the right to bear arms.
Says "6 percent more Republicans across the state voted than Democrats."
Says Gov. Rick Scott cut state funding for PBS.
The latest unemployment numbers have shown that nearly 315,000 Americans have simply given up hope when it comes to finding a job.
It was (Rob Portman's) job to stop China's illegal dumping of steel. He failed, looked the other way, did nothing.
Since Rep. John Boccieri's election, "Ohio has lost 600,000 jobs" and his district's "unemployment has doubled."
He made time to go to the gym, but canceled a visit with wounded troops. Seems the Pentagon wouldn't allow him to bring cameras.
Says Danny Tarkanian is "NRA ‘F' Rated."
Says Tony Thurmond was "Reprimanded by the Obama Administration for failing to address widespread sexual harassment and assault in district schools."
There are about as many members of the Armed Forces marching bands as there are American diplomats.
Says middle-class New York State residents will have the "lowest tax rate in 70 years."
A proposed regional transportation tax will last "a minimum" of 10 years, and has been approved to last longer.
Says Donald Trump has written 10 checks to Hillary Clinton "and four of those checks were not to her Senate campaign. … It was to her presidential campaign."
Says Texas Senate hopeful Donna Campbell doesn't live in the district she's hoping to win in 2012.
I won the majority of the Republican vote in both New Hampshire and South Carolina.
Says the stimulus bill sent tax credits overseas, such as "half a billion to an electric car company that created hundreds of jobs in Finland."
The U.S. representatives that voted to keep militarizing the police received 73 percent more campaign money from the defense industry than the representatives who voted to stop it.
In 2011, our state-run lottery funded New Jersey classrooms by over $930 million.
Says "our deficits are falling at the fastest rate in 60 years."
Agriculture has always required a significant workforce from abroad.
Says Texas Republican leaders "have proposed laying off thousands of teachers."
The studies have shown us that [drug testing for welfare recipients] will be saving us money
When McCain was questioned about hiring lobbyists to his campaign staff, "his top lobbyist actually had the nerve to say, 'The American people won't care about this.' "
Says some Austin school district classrooms lack electrical outlets.
For the first time in history, my administration posts our White House visitors online.
Drug overdoses are now the second-most common cause of death in New Hampshire.
Despite decades of marijuana being used for smoking in the United States, there have been no reported medical cases of lung cancer attributed to marijuana.
The sex-offender registry has been around for a long time, and the research that's out there says that it has no positive impact on the public safety.
U.S. Rep. John Barrow, D-Ga., does not want to audit the Federal Reserve.
Says Gov. Chris Christie "cut spending (by) $1 billion" and provided "$850 million in new education funding."
The more than $800,000 raised by the Alan Grayson campaign last quarter was "#1 among all 435 members of the U.S. House of Representatives."
Black business ownership jumped 400% in one year.
Blue Cross Blue Shield cancelled all their individual (health care) policies in the state of Texas, effective Dec. 31.
 … if the Agreement goes into effect, the millions of Mexican citizens who will become eligible for Social Security benefits may have a far stronger claim to benefits and protection against cuts than U.S. citizens!
Attempts to find things like, ‘crime,' ‘criminal activity,' ‘indictment,' have been filtered out by Google in favor of Hillary Clinton.
Barack Obama "is more to the left of the announced Socialist in the United States Senate."
There has been "$5 trillion in debt added over the last four years."
In 2006, Donald Trump was hoping for a real estate crash.
The average Republican voter thinks there should be some revenue as part of this deal.
You take Pulse nightclub. If you had one person in that room that could carry a gun and knew how to use it, it wouldn't have happened, or certainly to the extent that it did.
The Republican-controlled Wisconsin Senate approved a bill "denying veterans the right to recover their medical costs for cancers they developed while serving their country."
Opponent Holly Benson said that "Just because you're poor doesn't mean you're unhealthy, it just means you have a lot more time to go running."
Newt Gingrich's immigration plan offers "a new doorway to amnesty."
Says he was "exonerated in every single case" in 1990s ethics violations charges.
The merger of Georgia State University and Georgia Perimeter College will make GSU one of the largest universities in the nation, with more than 54,000 students.
Says Scott Walker's jobs agency gives financial incentives that lead "Wisconsin companies to look at shipping jobs elsewhere. ... A company got $4.6 million in taxpayer money and actually reduced its jobs by 300 people."
Says "With nearly 75 percent of Americans supportive of the construction of the pipeline, Schrader needs to explain to Oregon families why he voted against this needed project."
Says Democrats raised taxes over 115 times in the past 10 years, "making New Jersey increasingly unaffordable and chasing jobs to neighboring states."
Says Hillary Clinton said the Veterans Affairs scandal is "over-exaggerated." "She said she was satisfied with what was going on."
Almost half of all vehicles stolen in Texas each year had keys left inside.
Between the year 2000 and 2006, (insurance) premiums in this country doubled.
Marco Rubio's "economic proposals will add $3.5 trillion to the federal deficit."
High-speed rail would have cost Florida taxpayers $1 billion to build.
The city of Houston now has more debt per capita than California.
Says in fiscal year 2011, the state had "a projected $11 billion deficit."
The Koch brothers alone gave twice as much money to Scott Walker as the total amount of money raised by Tom Barrett.
After a federal inquiry corroborated Hillary Clinton on Whitewater, "the next day, there was nothing in the media about it."
95 percent of the income gains in the last few years have gone to the top 1 percent.
Says Bill White's program to bring dropouts back to school was "so successful that almost every city in our state has replicated" it.
The Hyde Amendment "language was in the (human trafficking) bill. The Democratic sponsor admits it was in the bill, and she voted for it."
Obamacare premiums have doubled in Wisconsin.
The DREAM Act "was written by members of both parties. When it came up for a vote a year and a half ago, Republicans in Congress blocked it. The bill hadn't changed. ... The only thing that had changed was politics."
Each year, 18,000 people die in America because they don't have health care.
Congressman Perriello voted in lock step with Nancy Pelosi 90 percent of the time.
I've got the most international experience here.
Six of the 10 richest counties in the United States surround Washington, D.C.
Proposition 2 on November's Texas ballot "does not cost state taxpayers any money."
When George Bush became president of the United States, 17 million people were in poverty. When he left, 30 million people were in poverty.
Says Texas has so few gas-pump inspectors in the field, "the HEBs of this state, the Brookshires of this state, they're calibrating their own gas pumps. The (Texas Department of Agriculture) just sends them the stickers and they calibrate them."
Says Patrick Murphy "switched his vote on All Aboard Florida ... because his father tried to get in a bid to build it and was unsuccessful."
90 percent of babies with Down syndrome are aborted.
The LGBT community is more often the victims of hate crimes than any other recognized group.
We are 49th in the nation for our graduation rate
I am the only candidate on either side who has laid out a specific plan about what I would do to defeat ISIS.
Says Democratic Senate candidate "Bruce Braley voted to cut $700 billion from Medicare to support Obamacare."
Says Gov. Scott Walker "hasn't done a public event this entire year."
As governor of Florida I defunded Planned Parenthood.
The Legislature passed Gov. Walker's so-called property tax relief bill, but the Republicans "are still raising your property taxes."
Since 2009, the Ohio Republican Party has made more contacts with voters — nearly 6.6 million — than any other GOP state organization in the nation.
In addition to his compensation as a judge, "Roy Moore and his wife (paid themselves) over $1 million from a charity they ran."
The health care bill has "six years of costs against 10 years of tax revenue."
More than 1.5 million people moved into Georgia between the past two Census counts, and a majority consider themselves, African-American, Latino or Asian-American.
Says HJM 20 "was the only bill not assigned to a House committee."
Who are the most consistently misinformed media viewers? … Fox viewers, consistently, every poll.
The Miami Dolphins "are the only NFL team in the entire nation that pays property taxes."
We are amassing most of our military strength in a country where fewer than 100 members of al Qaeda remain.
Says Manny Pacquiao, Usain Bolt and Princes William and Harry have donated tens of millions of dollars to Hurricane Harvey victims.
Every time we raise the minimum wage, the number of jobless people increases.
Says Virginia Del. Mark Cole "wants schools to check children's genitals before using bathroom."
About 30 percent of those released from Guantanamo "have re-entered the fight."
In terms of the wealthiest Americans, we're at the lowest tax rate since the 1950s.
The median income of a middle class family went down $2,100 from 2001 to 2007.
Congress' approval rating is 11 percent. You know who's higher? Dick Cheney and HMOs.
Just in our first six months in office, Missouri moved up the rankings nine places ... of the best states to do business.
Dr. Paul never votes for legislation unless the proposed measure is expressly authorized by the Constitution.
Says "I am happy to decline PERS so that the County can save over $68,000 over a four year term that would have been paid on my behalf."
Says Katie Porter is part of a "radical group of Democrats with an extreme agenda to abolish ICE."
We now have the greatest income inequality since the Great Depression.
Gloria Allred Accuser **ADMITS** She Tampered With Roy Moore's Yearbook 'Signature.' 
There's almost 1 million Texans who are unemployed and that's an all-time record number in our state.
Says we could have saved ourselves the cost of building the Powell Butte water reservoir.
John Cornyn has voted to increase the debt, raise taxes, bail out Wall Street banks and fund Obamacare.
One of the interesting things about the Recovery Act was most of the projects came in under budget, faster than expected, because there's just not a lot of work there.
Rob Teilhet, Just another career politician.
Texas House Speaker Joe Straus said, ‘I do not care if Wallace Hall swings from a tree.'
Iran's defense budget is $30 billion. Our defense budget is closer to $600 billion.
Sen. Jack Reed "cast the deciding vote in the Senate for the Affordable Care Act."
Clinton Foundation cargo ship raided at Port of Baltimore caught smuggling 460 undocumented immigrants.
The states that have raised the minimum wage (this year) have had faster job growth than the states that haven't raised the minimum wage.
Failure to raise the debt limit does not force a U.S. default on debt payments.
Says, "Less than half of all states have legal protections on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity, despite the fact that LGBT Americans report employment discrimination and unemployment at much higher rates than the U.S. average."
Amazon Echo is recording every conversation in a person's home and transmitting it to the cloud.
Women (are) paid 77 cents on the dollar for doing the same work as men.
Says the United States is the only nation that affords citizenship to anyone born here, "whether you are here legally or illegally."
Says Mike Coffman said two different things: "stop the deportations" in a Spanish-language debate and "you're going to be deported" in an English-language TV interview.
We're bankrupt.
Under last year's health care reform, "a bunch of bureaucrats decide whether you get care, such as continuing on dialysis or cancer chemotherapy."
Florida is now the only state in the nation to tax commercial leases.
Georgia has had ʺmore bank failures than any other state.ʺ
Says "the acting chief of the IRS said he – and the majority of IRS employees – would rather stay with his current" health "plan than switch to Obamacare."
Says property insurance rates are going up because Rick Scott signed a bill preventing the state from regulating insurance.
Under the ruling of the Supreme Court, any lobbyist could go into any legislator and say, if you don't vote our way on this bill, we're going to run a million-dollar campaign against you in your district.
Half of all NC legislative candidates are unopposed because of gerrymandering.
Says Romney said "we should ask Pakistan for permission" to take a shot at Osama bin Laden.
Says "Marco Rubio wrote and passed bipartisan legislation allowing the VA to fire negligent workers."
Heitkamp High-Fives Schumer After Voting Against 20-Week Abortion Ban.
Israel's per capita income "is greater than probably three-fourths of the rest of the world."
Republicans tried to block the deficit commission.
Voter identification laws make it complicated and expensive to get an ID, essentially instituting a modern-day poll tax.
Sen. Robert Bennett, R-Utah, cast votes for TARP, the stimulus, and an individual mandate for health care.
Under President Bush in eight years, we added $4.9 trillion to the debt. Under President Obama, we've added $5.3 trillion to the debt in the 3.5 years he's been in office.
The American slave trade caused 5 million deaths "or more."
Says that under President Obama, there's been a substantial increase in federal government jobs.
Say Oscar Pistorius "commits suicide in prison."
Roy Moore takes the military vote, pulls ahead by 5,000 votes
We've got more revenue than we ever have.
All of Liberia can produce less than one-third as much electricity as the Dallas Cowboys football stadium consumes at peak times.
Our campaign depends on small donations for the majority of our support.
Barack Obama loves Che Guevara.
I don't take a dime of PAC money.
Says Gov. Rick Scott is "spending a quarter of a million of our tax dollars to robocall people."
Says Hillary Clinton "shows up in Broward County" and had a private meeting with elections supervisor Brenda Snipes.
France "wouldn't buy Texas beef for some reason, yet 76 percent of their energy comes from nuclear power."
The WIC program "is an incredibly cost effective program, serving nearly 10 million Americans each year and costing less than $100 per person. In my district, more than 18 percent of residents suffer from food insecurity and depend on WIC to make ends meet."
A clause hidden in the Obamacare bill, which is now law, gives Obama the right to form a private army.
We know this now. The banks no longer loan (Donald Trump) money because he's a terrible risk. So he goes to these (Russian) oligarchs and borrows money.
On the night of the Iowa caucuses, Obama "promised the nation that he would do health care reform focused on cost containment, he opposed an individual mandate, and he said he was going to do it with Republicans."
Says Alison Lundergan Grimes "supports Obamacare, which cuts $700 billion from seniors' Medicare."
Obama's plan for health care reform "ends exorbitant out-of-pocket expenses, deductibles or co-pays."
We haven't built a refinery, I think, in 30 years.
The substitute budget now adds in tax breaks and tax deductions for those who buy these prisons.
Bob Menendez just voted to increase the government's debt ceiling to $1.9 TRILLION! In his 19 years in Congress, Menendez has helped overspend America over $15 TRILLION into debt.
Says that as a U.S. senator, Scott Brown "delivered for Wall Street, saving big banks $19 billion in taxes."
Says Andrew Gillum was "singing a different tune" about charter schools at the Florida debate.
DeKalb County has graduated five police academies and three fire academies to help reach its ambitious hiring goals in both departments.
Says David Jolly lobbied "for government-run health care just last year."
Says Barack Obama "began his presidency going on a worldwide apology tour."
It is just a fact that Hamas, apparently the North American spokesperson, is endorsing Senator Obama.
Last year we lost $500 billion on trade with China.
(James) Comey knew murdered DNC staffer, Seth Rich, was WikiLeaks source & covered it up for Hillary (Clinton).
Every one of "more than 30 federal judges who have considered the issue of gay and lesbian rights since last June… ruled that marriage is a constitutional right and you cannot deprive individual citizens of that right based on their sexual orientation."
There are 500 million Internet users "and 80 million bloggers who are driving discussions in China. … So you've got a lot of people voicing frustration and discontent."
Rhode Island already gets more revenue per capita from gambling than any other state in the country.
The Congressional Budget Office has this economic model where they measure the economy going forward, and they are now telling us that the entire economy crashes in the year 2037 because their computer simulation can't conceive of any way in which the U.S. economy can continue.
The majority of Americans are conservatives.
Says his "average federal tax rate" was 36 percent.
FACT: the ‘special assistant' in @johnkasich's office makes over three times more than an average #OH firefighter
The Republican Party "fought very hard in the '60s to get the civil rights bill passed, as well as the voting rights bill."
In altered photo, says Barack Obama wants "more of Texans' private data" via health care.
We need an ID to "buy a beer."
Last month, 44 of the 50 states saw an increase in the unemployment rate.
America produces more oil and gas than any other nation in the world.
Says Marco Rubio sold a home to a chiropractor who had been lobbying him on automobile insurance legislation and "once he sold the home, for $380,000 cash, the speaker's position on the issue changed."
President Reagan did it (raised the debt ceiling) 18 times. George W. Bush did it seven times.
Miami-Dade County is the "No. 1 donor county in the state."
LeBron's ‘I Promise School' To Cost Taxpayers Millions Of Dollars Every Year
Says the health care reform bill was paid for, in part, by taking money from students and the student loan system.
Birthers have obtained a copy of Obama's Kenyan birth certificate.
A photograph of 21-year-old Hillary Clinton featured a Confederate battle flag in the background.
Surgeon who exposed Clinton Foundation corruption in Haiti found dead in apartment with stab wound to chest. — Intellihub
Oregon's per capita income is 9 percent below the national average and getting worse. This is a state that's actually getting poorer.
Religious groups like Knights of Columbus have been forced to allow same-sex marriage ceremonies in their facilities, against their beliefs.
Barack Obama's nominee for 'regulatory czar' has advocated a 'Fairness Doctrine' for the Internet that would require links to opposing opinions.
Three of five detainees swapped (for Bowe Bergdahl) are now ISIS leaders.
Says Ken Cuccinelli tried to make it more difficult for mothers to obtain divorces.
Bill White ... supports the ‘ObamaCare' socialized medicine plan, as well as ‘Cap and Trade' legislation that would kill thousands of Texas jobs.
Says Thom Tillis "has cut $500 million from public education."
The graduation rate in New York City has increased by 50 percent in 13 years
Paul Ryan got his start in politics, as a young staffer just out of college, working for then-Congressman John Kasich's Budget Committee.
Says "Richard Devlin raised your taxes by $1 billion in a single day."
College tuition rates in Texas jumped by 55% since 2003.
Says "only 18 percent of Portland elementary schools have art instruction compared to 83 percent nationally."
On the Trans-Pacific Partnership.
Women "receive only 77 cents for every dollar a man earns."
Obama ... gave almost a million dollars to the (Kenya) opposition campaign who just happened to be his cousin, Raila Odinga.
Barack Obama wrote a thesis at Columbia University in which he criticized "plutocratic thugs" and said the Constitution gave Americans "the shackles of hypocrisy."
The Dow Jones Industrial Average "jumped 1000 points in last 5 weeks, Record fastest 1000 point move in history."
There "are 500 registered Republicans moving" to Texas "every day."
The United States is one of only seven nations that allows elective abortions after 20 weeks post-fertilization.
For what it would cost the (National) Guard to make just two arrests at the border, we could give a homeless veteran permanent housing for an entire year.
Walmart employees receive "roughly $5,800" in public assistance per year.
The Obama-GOP compromise "raises taxes, it raises the death tax."
The best estimate is that 200,000 people in Wisconsin were either denied or chilled in their efforts to vote in the 2016 presidential election.
Says Mitt Romney supports cap and trade.
In 1981, Matagorda, Brazoria, and Galveston Counties all opted out of the Social Security program for their employees. Today, their program is very, very well-funded and there is no question about whether it's going to be funded in years to come.
Says U.S. Sen. Sherrod Brown is responsible for "over $14 trillion in debt."
Tuberculosis recently passed "HIV/AIDS as the leading infectious killer globally."
Barack Obama's health care plan "would leave 15 million Americans out."
Says Republicans are "organizing to take people's health care away."
Says you need a photo ID to purchase Sudafed in Texas.
We have to recognize that our salaries for faculty are the lowest in New England with the exception of the University of Maine.
Numerous studies have shown that these so-called right-to-work laws do not generate jobs and economic growth.
Dan Webster "would force victims of rape and incest to bear their attacker's child."
In 2011 under Scott Walker, Wisconsin for the first time spent "more on our prison system than we did" on the University of Wisconsin System.
The sequester is not something that I've proposed. It is something that Congress has proposed.
We are accepting more legal immigrants than we ever have in the history (of the United States.)
President Obama said "22 times" he could not authorize immigration reform by executive order.
One out of every two kids who are graduating college right now can't find a job.
The Congressional Budget Office estimates that for every $1 we spend on unemployment benefits, $1.90 is put into our economy.
Justice Antonin Scalia agreed for the Supreme Court to hear a case about whether Barack Obama is eligible to be President.
This governor has cut funding repeatedly for people who have AIDS, who need drugs to save their life.
Says Tammy Baldwin introduced a bill that would require doctors and other health care workers to ask patients, "including young children, whether they are gay, lesbian, bisexual, or if they know their gender identity."
From the ‘Do As I Say Not As I Do' department: federal employees owe $3.3 billion in back taxes.
Says Barack "Obama admits he's coming for our guns, telling Sarah Brady, ‘We are working on (gun control), but under the radar.' "
The medical marijuana ballot initiative "doesn't require a physician writing a prescription" and can be for conditions like "having a back that needs to be scratched."
Under the North American Free Trade Agreement, "we lost thousands of plants."
Tapping the Strategic Petroleum Reserve would immediately lower gasoline prices
Hillary Clinton is "willing to have workers' wages garnisheed if they refuse to buy health insurance."
The collective net worth of Americans has taken a $5.5 trillion hit ... mainly due to plummeting home values.
Right now, our corrections department charges taxpayers between $30,000 and $40,000 a year per person we lock up, she said. "That's actually cheap when you compare us to the rest of the country."
Hillary Clinton says she wants to, ‘raise taxes on the middle class.' 
Says condoms "used to be tax-exempt here in Texas."
80 percent of North Carolinians are for the living wage
Says 88 Texas constables have died in the line of duty.
Says Republicans "have declared that they're going to convert the Medicare program into a voucher program."
George Allen "voted to end Pell Grants for 84,000 students."
The "most realistic estimates" for jobs created by Keystone XL are "maybe 2,000 jobs during the construction of the pipeline."
Close to 30% of our federal prison population consists of illegal immigrants.
Says Hillary Clinton's State Department "approved the transfer of 20 percent of America's uranium holdings to Russia, while nine investors in the deal funneled $145 million to the Clinton Foundation."
Jim Renacci cheated on his income taxes and is a "deadbeat citizen."
Says Joe Heck "voted to shut down the government."
On the personal tax side, middle-income people are getting cuts and rich people are getting very little cuts or, in certain cases, increases under the Republican tax bills.
Obama "shunned the opportunity to talk to soldiers to thank them for their service."
The $18.8 billion in funding for K-12 education funding is the highest in Florida history and includes a record $10.6 billion in state funds.
Illegal "immigration is lower than it's been in 40 years."
Says in regard to providing "more tax cuts for the rich," Bill Pascrell said, "Republicans had great ideas. I liked some of their ideas."
This year's redistricting has been the most open, interactive and transparent redistricting process in Tennessee history.
Georgia is one of seven states to lose jobs in 2011 and has lost 8,200 jobs so far.
Rhode Island is "almost dead last" among Northeastern states in the length of time first-degree murderers must spend in prison before they're eligible for parole.
None of $400 million the City of Austin proposes to spend on road projects "will be used to add new lanes to congested roadways."
New energy standards will take away "our freedom of choice and selection in the light bulbs we have in our homes."
Clayton County Public Schools recently achieved a milestone that has eluded other metropolitan districts across the state by meeting federal guidelines for having a highly qualified staff.
Replacing 100,000 old toilets with water-efficient models has saved 2.4 million gallons of water every day.
Obama secretly gave citizenship to 2,500 Iranians as part of nuke deal.
There is "no system to vet" refugees from the Middle East.
Says Ohio congressional candidate Danny O'Connor has raised "90 percent of his campaign funds from liberal out of staters."
The stimulus "has delivered $43 billion in tax relief to American working families and businesses"
Says his tax plan wouldn't leave the federal government with a $1.1 trillion hole.
Says Travis County's unemployment rate is below the national average while its poverty rate exceeds the national average--and local poverty is rising.
Says Matt Rosendale "consistently supported land use rules that would help developers like him and hurt farmers in Montana."
The House of Representatives has never passed a resolution of disapproval to condemn a member's behavior.
Says the federal government hosted a conference and "ordered 250 muffins at 16 bucks a piece."
During my eight years as county executive, we cut the number of county workers by 20 percent.
Bill Richardson passed the first law in the nation giving National Guard soldiers $400,000 in life insurance.
In July 1996, Mitt Romney helped locate the missing teenage daughter of a partner at Bain Capital.
Voted the ‘best specialty plate in America'
Says "black Americans have 10 times less wealth than white Americans."
The United States is the leading nation in the world "with the highest amount of doubt about the conventional wisdom of climate change."
Hydrogen sulfide . . . [was] used in the genocide of Jews in Germany. 
Kim Jong Un dead: North Koreans calling Trump an assassin
Whether you like to admit it or not, half our general revenue goes to education.
Says "$3 trillion in offshore money... is coming back into the economy" because of the GOP tax bills.
Romney adviser admits Romneycare was blueprint for Obamacare.
The health care law is "the largest tax [increase] in the history of our country"
ISIS is infiltrating America and using Syrians to do it.
Rather than work to secure the border, (Marco Rubio) supported Obama's amnesty plan for illegal immigrants.
After years of 5.5 percent average tuition increases, we now have a two-year tuition freeze for the first time in the history of the UW System.
On whether people can keep their insurance under the Affordable Care Act.
The 2016 federal omnibus spending bill "funds illegal immigrants coming in and through your border, right through Phoenix."
(The farm bill) has a provision that would in many ways reduce the deficit.
Southwest Airlines celebrating 50th anniversary by providing 2 free tickets to everyone!
Says Donald Trump "wants to get rid of the federal minimum wage."
Says Dave Brat "voted against protecting pre-existing conditions."
The Republicans have demanded deep cuts in education. They've demanded cuts in cancer research and other research to find cures and treatments to diseases.
Says "on the state level, we spend less today than Jon Corzine spent in fiscal year 2008, five years later."
Current school lunch requirements "cause large amounts of food waste and diminished use of school lunches!"
One-third of the counties — think of it, one-third — only have one insurer left on the Affordable Care Act exchanges.
Says Texas leads the nation in fatal industrial accidents.
Austin's Stop Abuse for Everyone has seen in its offices "sexual assault survivors that report being attacked by their ridesharing drivers, at a rate of one per month."
Says Austin Mayor Steve Adler's transportation plans linked to Proposition 1 on the ballot remove "27+ miles of traffic lanes around the city," replacing "them with lanes dedicated to usage by bicycles" and buses.
On whether he would seek to undo the Foxconn deal.
The Fourth Amendment was what we fought the Revolution over. John Adams said it was the spark that led to our war for independence.
Says he followed state law and the precedent of other Massachusetts governors when he erased electronic communications as he left office.
Says Bill Clinton signed a law "very similar to," and Barack Obama voted for a law "something like," Indiana's Religious Freedom Restoration Act.
Africa is spending "the highest percentage of their GDP on education of any part of the world."
Job losses are so certain under this new cap-and-tax plan that it includes a provision accommodating newly unemployed workers from the resulting dried-up energy sector, to the tune of $4.2 billion over eight years. So much for creating jobs.
Secretary Clinton changes her position on (gun issues) every election year, it seems, having one position in 2000 and then campaigning against President Obama and saying we don't need federal standards.
Says the Wisconsin Republican Party tweeted "Happy International Women's Day! You ladies should get paid less and not be able to make health care decisions."
Women make 77 cents for every dollar earned by men.
Most of the jobs that we lost were lost before the economic policies we put in place had any effect.
Says Bill Young "voted twice for the Ryan budget that ends the current Medicare system."
Ohio has "created 45,000 new manufacturing jobs since 2010. And that's due in large part to the fact that the auto rescue has helped Ohio."
Labor union president Andy Stern is "the most frequent visitor" at the White House.
Nevada Republican Senate nominee "Joe Heck voted to criminalize abortion for rape victims."
Says Tony Thurmond was "sued by the ACLU" for leaving students in unsafe conditions.
The new health care law "will cut $500 billion from Medicare. That will hurt the quality of our care."
Just last year, over 5,000 refugees came to New York state, and 94 percent settled outside of New York City.
Says "under Oregon law, girls from 15 years of age and up are given complete control over whether to be sterilized or not."
University of Texas students "signed a petition seeking the legal right to abort newborn babies up to five-years-old."
Democratic U.S. House candidate Julie Lassa pushed for a "Canadian-style government takeover of health care."
States that have implemented waiting periods have seen significant decreases in suicides.
Says the Obama administration "sold perhaps the best located and finest embassy in London ... only to build a new one in an off location for 1.2 billion dollars."
Obama said he would "stand with the Muslims should the political winds shift in an ugly direction."
Says Democratic recall opponent Shelly Moore "opposes any limit on taxes."
Thousands of politicians from across Ohio – along with their relatives, employees and friends – are still eligible to serve on the proposed redistricting commission.
One man opposed a flawed strategy in Iraq. One man had the courage to call for change. One man didn't play politics with the truth.
I haven't really proposed (phasing out aid to Israel) in the past.
U.S. Rep. Paul Broun has not authored any legislation that has been adopted by Congress.
Cuba is far more sanctioned than North Korea.
President Obama's proposed 'spending freeze' will only reduce the $42 trillion in government spending proposed between 2011 and 2020 by little more than one-half of 1 percent.
Of the states that have a lieutenant governor, many are currently discussing the need for such an obsolete office.
Says there's no language in the U.S. Constitution that prevents someone from running for Congress simultaneously in multiple states.
Rhode Island has a very generous unemployment compensation rate compared to most other states.
Marco Rubio voted against authorizing President Obama to strike Syria after Assad used chemical weapons on his own people.
We're only spending 2 percent of our GDP on our infrastructure, while China and India are spending 10 percent of their GDP reinvesting back into their country.
Among the developed nations, we are the least economically and socially mobile country in the world.
A space shuttle the National Museum of the United States Air Force near Dayton would be "within a day's drive of 60 percent of the U.S. population."
The last Christians are about to leave Iraq.
Says Bill Clinton opposes President Barack Obama's plan to raise taxes on wealthy Americans.
Rhode Island spends "52 percent more per capita on human service programs than the national average."
Under President George W. Bush, "the national debt went from $5 trillion to $12 trillion."
Whoopi Goldberg humiliated, handcuffed and dragged out of the TV studio.
Ohio taxpayers spent more than $67 million "for the year" on food stamps and Medicaid for Wal-Mart workers
As soon as Chris Christie was governor, he gave tax cuts to millionaires.
There were "76 deaths in three years" at the Buffalo Psychiatric Center
Unlawful presence (in the United States) is not a crime.
We have created new jobs here in Cranston -- more than 1,000.
The health care law imposes a federal mandate requiring middle-class Americans to buy health insurance "whether they can afford it or not."
People come here to have babies. They come here to drop a child. It's called 'drop and leave.
So now they take drugs, literally, and they throw it, a hundred pounds of drugs. They throw it over the wall, they have catapults, but they throw it over the wall, and it lands and it hits somebody on the head.
Newt Gingrich "teamed with Nancy Pelosi and Al Gore on global warming."
The chairman of the party of Florida, who is an avid and outward supporter of Marco Rubio, gets to appoint 30 of those delegates.
Congressman Robert Hurt has a plan to cut education by 40 percent.
Says extras are needed to portray aliens in a Star Wars movie being shot near Rosenberg, Texas.
Eighty percent of the oil we're discovering, we're discovering in the deep Gulf of Mexico.
If someone is in a room that has measles and leaves and you walk in two hours later, you could get measles from that person.
America has lost over 50,000 manufacturing factories on other trade deals.
Says that while Foster was mayor, Rick Kriseman was "ineffective" in the Florida House of Representatives because "there was no legislation that passed the House that had (Kriseman's) name on it."
Today, our unemployment rate is 7.8 percent. That is the lowest in five years.
To hear Gov. Christie tell it, everything in New Jersey is going just fine. Well I see another New Jersey with 400,000 unemployed. One of the worst jobless rates in the country. Working and middle class families have seen costs soar, from property taxes to college tuition.
The president early on called on NATO member countries to step up their contributions ... and as a result of that countries have stepped up contributions toward their own defense.
In other states (where illegal immigrants have been allowed to get driver's licenses) their insurance premiums for everybody have gone down.
Says the tax code is effectively subsidizing "the marketing efforts of fast food and junk food companies by as much as $19 billion over 10 years."
It's illegal for a state to say we're simply going to cut off (union contract) negotiations. There's a legal requirement that you are involved in good faith bargaining.
Alison Alter "has exploited a campaign finance loophole to obtain over $64,000 in public dollars to fund her campaign."
We admit about 100,000 permanent immigrants from the Middle East every year.
The United States is "the only major country on earth that doesn't guarantee health care to all people as a right, not a privilege."
In 2015, homicides increased by 17 percent in America's 50 largest cities. That's the largest increase in 25 years.
The Graham-Cassidy health care bill does "include coverage of pre-existing conditions."
Large phone companies and their trade association have hired 35 registered lobbyists to influence and pass SB 271 (deregulation legislation).
There is no reason for anybody to be losing any of their current benefits under Medicaid.
In 2010, 2,694 young people were killed by gunfire. 1,773 were victims of homicide; 67 were elementary school-age children.
Says President Barack Obama attacked potential terrorist targets in Syria in the middle of the night "to minimize terrorist casualties."
Ted Cruz has been to Iowa four times. Rio Grande Valley of Texas -- just once.
In 2008, then-Sen. Barack Obama "missed 60 or 70 percent of his votes." In 2004, John Kerry missed "close to 60 to 70 percent" and Bob Graham missed "over 30 percent of his votes."
I vetoed more than $3 billion in spending. Lawmakers and I cut taxes for 40,000 small businesses. Now Texas is No. 1 in job creation. The nation's five best housing markets are right here in Texas. We balanced five state budgets and we cut state spending.
Says four-year terms for City Council members are "the norm in most cities of our size."
Says Barack Obama "referred to the carnage that took place in Benghazi as a conspiracy theory."
Says U.S. Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz "voted to cut off Florida's veterans and their benefits."
Obama says America is great, but let's "try to change it."
Hispanic entrepreneurs, those who have immigrated from Spanish-speaking countries, often start three times as many businesses as white males.
The state [food stamp call center] program is administered from foreign shores.
The Medicare drug program "resulted in the program coming in 40 percent under budget. ... And the reason it was, is because the design was right."
Florida Statutes require (Attorney General Bill) McCollum to consult with members of Florida's Congressional delegation before filing a lawsuit against the health care reform law.
A ‘gerrymander' is by definition and common understanding, a strange looking ‘monster' drawing. This map is clearly not that.
If President Obama signs the Copenhagen climate change treaty, he "will sign your freedom, your democracy, and your prosperity away forever — and neither you nor any subsequent government you may elect would have any power whatsoever to take it back again."
In Tripoli, "jihadists today swim in our embassy pool."
Rick Scott has paid down our debt by about $2 billion. Charlie Crist's debt went up about $5 billion.
Gwinnett Medical Center is operating in the negative, in part, because of illegal immigrants.
Says he "had to impose tougher cost controls on state employees than" any previous Wisconsin governor.
Without Westside MAX, we'd need to add 2.9 lanes to the Sunset Highway.
Says the former president of the Czech Republic said the American people were a "confederacy of fools" for electing Barack Obama.
Austin is the largest city in the U.S. or Texas with no geographic representation on its city council.
The president gave the (auto) companies to the UAW.
Says some in Congress are trying "to create a separate government for those with a drop of Native Hawaiian blood."
The @nytimes states today that DJT believes ‘more countries should acquire nuclear weapons.' How dishonest are they. I never said this!
They voted for (a border wall) in 2006. Then-Senator Obama voted for it. Sen. Schumer voted for it. Sen. Clinton voted for it.
When President Obama took office, we were losing 700,000 jobs a month. Now we've had job growth, I think, for 24 consecutive months.
Democrats announce they will abolish ICE if they win 2020 election.
"The president is cutting the CDC budget by 80%.	false"
Says the New Year's Day "fiscal cliff" deal "reduces the deficit."
My office sends federal "money back every year."
Says Texas ranks among the nation's top five states for its high school graduation rate.
We spend about 75 percent of the entire cost of the military aspect of NATO.
One legislative Republican's district gets almost all the school supply funding.
Fewer than 10 percent of those in the House are what anyone would classify as wealthy.
President Obama campaigned on a promise to put reproductive health care at the center of his reform plan.
There is no planned air-conditioned restaurant out on the Lens.
Taxpayers earning $1 million pay an effective tax rate that is about four times what taxpayers earning $100,000 pay.
Forty years ago, hardly anybody in the country had health insurance.
The Congressional Budget Office analysis of the health insurance reform legislation says the bill "cuts the deficit by $1.2 trillion in the second 10 years."
false
Says Obama promised to cut the deficit in half.
Says Jacky Rosen "skipped work ... at the expense of veterans" to "attend a publicity stunt."
Under President Obama, domestic oil production is at an eight-year high.
Under the new Arizona immigration law, police can't stop someone to check their immigration status unless they think they see something illegal.
Says high-speed rail would have created 60,000 jobs.
The Obama Administration agreed to take thousands of illegal immigrants from Australia.
Says "Marco Rubio wanted to cut Social Security and Medicare because he said they're bankrupting our country."
The "moon has more than 250 million citizens."
Georgia ranks "last in job growth."
California's Capitol building is "second only to Disneyland," among visitor sites in the state.
Says Joe Scarborough is party to an "unsolved mystery" from his time as a congressman in Florida.
Over 40 percent of small and mid-size banks that loan money to small businesses have been wiped out since Dodd-Frank has passed.
In Richmond, Va., there's "more moving vans coming in than going out."
In the last 10 years, Georgia's middle class income has dropped $6,500.
I had to lay off 48 people last year, which has exacerbated the lack of law enforcement officers in the county that respond quickly to crime calls.
The Obama administration said "they were going to be able to drive folks away from one of the most expensive areas for the provision of health care, and that is the emergency rooms. In fact, they did just the opposite."
Says "566,000 crimes" were "made in Texas by criminal aliens in the last 6 years."
Says Sen. Richard Blumenthal "lied about his service" in Vietnam.
On suspending system development charges for two years.
We bring in enough tax revenue to service our debt, pay for Medicare and Medicaid and Social Security, and then still have about $300 (billion) or $400 billion left over.
Says she "stopped Capital Metro from raising fares for senior and disabled citizens."
Says opponent David Dewhurst is a "career politician."
Says that Andrew Gillum said, "Police and prisons have no place in justice."
Under Barack Obama, "the average cost of family health care premiums has increased by $4,154."
Says about 25 Texas cities and 39 states have banned texting while driving.
Top Democrats refuse to stand for Gold Star widow.
Greece "has a GDP the size of the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex."
On the day of the New Hampshire primary in 1980, the top 13 people of Ronald Reagan's staff quit.
Says Donald Trump "wants to replace" Obamacare "with a single-payer system."
The Wisconsin Economic Development Corp. "cannot account for creating one single job."
Every time the weight of that vehicle is reduced by a hundred pounds, your chances of dying are going to go up by about 5 percent. Peel three hundred pounds off – you're 15 percent more likely to die in that car.
In Hillary Clinton's tax returns, "you saw a lot of income coming from donors to the Clinton Foundation and people who benefitted from her State Department term as well."
Under the health care law, "everybody will have lower rates, better quality care and better access."
Unemployment has fallen from 10 percent during the president's first year in office to 8.5 percent today.
Trade deals are negotiated in "secret" and, unlike corporate interests, politicians never invite "the leaders of the AFL-CIO or steelworkers or the mine workers to come in and sit down in these meetings."
More than 90 percent of the gains have gone to the top 1 percent.
Says Rand Paul "has put out budgets to cut the military in half."
Says David Vitter "answered a prostitute's call minutes after he skipped a vote honoring 28 soldiers who gave their lives in defense of our freedom."
Foxconn will not face oversight from any federal, state, or local agency to guarantee it complies with our wetlands protection laws.
The University of Wisconsin System "is larger than any business in the state of Wisconsin."
The health care law "is accelerating our country toward bankruptcy."
There are a "multitude" of vaccines that do not prevent deadly and crippling diseases.
The unemployment rate for young people is down from a 10.6 percent high in 2009 to 2.6 percent today.
Says "our economy in New Jersey gets $38 billion from the businesses at the Shore."
Despite what Donald Trump claims, "there weren't 15,000 people who turned out in Phoenix" to see Trump speak.
Obama has "visited more countries and met with more world leaders than any president in his first six months in office."
On allowing abortion in cases of rape or incest, "I have never said that or advocated that."
The person in charge of the Hillary investigation, Andrew McCabe, got $700,000 from (Hillary Clinton) for wife!
Says President Barack Obama's nominees met a standard of 60 votes, "a standard that was met by Elena Kagan as well as Sonia Sotomayor, President Obama's choices."
A golf course closes somewhere in America every 48 hours.
Two-thirds of the federal budget is "permanent law ... it's permanently appropriated."
Says Tom Barrett "has directed that tens of millions of City of Milwaukee tax dollars be used for the construction of a downtown trolley at the expense of: health and public safety; repair and replacement of public infrastructure; public education; and, job creation and economic development."
When I was governor, not only did test scores improve – we also narrowed the achievement gap.
You're more likely to get struck by lightning in Texas than find in-person voter fraud.
The State of Texas is funding … women's health services at historically high levels; they just increased their level another $50 million for the next two years.
Said state insurance commissioner candidate Ralph Hudgens "fights hard" to strip women of life-saving coverage such as mammograms.
Many Nevadans relied on Uber for work, but after accepting $70,000 from taxi companies, Catherine Cortez Masto went after Uber ... (driving) them out of town.
A large number of the uninsured earn $75,000 or more a year.
On running for the U.S. Senate as an independent.
Ted Kaczynski has less restrictive confinement than the youth at Lincoln Hills.
Trump's tax plan is "completely focused on the wealthy and the powerful - not the middle class."
Recently Rick Scott "closed 30 women's health care centers across the state."
Every year tobacco kills more Americans than did World War II — more than AIDS, cocaine, heroin, alcohol, vehicular accidents, homicide and suicide combined.
John McCain, "one of the richest people in a Senate filled with millionaires," says the solution to the housing crisis is for people to get a "second job" and "skip their vacations."
Says Barack Obama "is the first president in modern history not to have a single year of 3 percent growth."
Work requirements "have been proven to help impoverished families move from dependency to self-sufficiency."
We've got 40 years of study now that show that, with a good preschool start, you're less likely to be on public dole, you're less likely to be in prison.
Over the last several months, there was a review board headed by two distinguished Americans, Mike Mullen and Tom Pickering, who investigated every element of the Benghazi incident.
The proposed transportation tax plan revokes a tax-credit for consumers' electric cars while the state retains similar credits for similar vehicles for businesses.
Lindsey Graham threatens to convert to Democrat if Republicans don't Dump Trump.
When President Bush took office in 2001, he inherited a $236 billion budget surplus, with a projected 10-year surplus of $5.6 trillion. When he ended his term, he left a $1.3 trillion deficit and a projected 10-year shortfall of $8 trillion.
Says it's "an old wives' story" that Margaret Thatcher told George H.W. Bush not to go wobbly.
A bill to eliminate Delta Air Lines' jet fuel tax breaks "violates federal law and puts the state at risk of losing critical funding from the Federal Aviation Administration."
Obama himself voted against funding our nation's veterans and troops in the field during a time of war.
Fourteen million Americans' mortgages are greater than the value of their homes.
Says U.S. Senate rival Tommy Thompson "wants to give a new $265,000 tax cut to millionaires like himself while raising taxes on the middle class."
The impending work stoppage is unlawful.
Says delegates can't "legally" change the Republican National Convention rules to prevent Donald Trump's nomination.
Says Mitt Romney said at a January 2012 debate that under Paul Ryan's tax plan, "I'd have paid no taxes in the last two years."
Says Wisconsin women facing pay discrimination can't "do something about it" under bill passed by Republicans.
George Allen cast "the deciding vote" for the 2003 Bush tax cuts.
Says one out of three U.S. homeless men is a veteran.
Teachers "are working their third consecutive year -- some longer than that -- without salary increases."
According to Wikipedia, there are only five countries in the entire planet that are more unequal than the United States in the distribution of our wealth.
Current immigration policy imposes as much as $300 billion annually in net fiscal costs on U.S. taxpayers.
Just a little over 60 percent of your electric bill, my electric bill, 60 percent of that is pass-throughs, whether they be for building of nuclear plants or whatever they may be. A planned nuclear plant repair "will only increase that percentage."
The mosquito population in South Florida is larger than it is in many other communities in the country.
Says Rep. Betty Sutton supports allowing "welfare fund withdrawals from strip clubs, casinos and liquor stores."
More than 100,000 women in Texas "have attempted to self-induce abortion in the past year alone."
There's never been a (U.S. Supreme Court) vacancy in the last, I think, 30 years, lasting longer than 237 days.
Says Barack Obama is getting his nominees confirmed "faster than President (George W.) Bush was at the same time in his second term."
Federal law requires residents to participate in the U.S. government's American Community Survey.
U.S. Sen. Bill Nelson "chose to side with President Obama" against the Keystone pipeline
Barack Obama is the "first president to file lawsuits against the states he swore an oath to protect."
Nearly 7 million Floridians have pre-existing conditions — but Rick Scott and Florida Republicans wants to take away their health care coverage by ending the Affordable Care Act.
Says Donald Trump "was asked if he would defend our allies. He said well, first he'd want to know if they made any payments to us to defend them."
Driving with a dog in your lap is dangerous, in part, because it could fly forward in a crash. "An 80-pound dog at only 30 mph packs a 2,400-pound punch."
Sherrod Brown "has been running for public office since Richard Nixon was president."
Since I took office, over 319,000 new private sector jobs have been created in Georgia with nearly 93,000 of those coming in the past 12 months.
The Milwaukee Bucks are "actually younger than the Marquette team."
Spanish was the first European language spoken in this country.
Says Republican gubernatorial candidate Scott Walker "increased his own pay by $50,000."
Sen. Clinton said "the surge of troops in Iraq was 'working.' Now.... Sen. Clinton says the surge 'has failed' and that we should 'begin the immediate withdrawal of U.S. troops.'"
Says Sen. Bill Nelson voted to spend "$144,541 to see how monkeys react under the influence of cocaine."
We now have driven (health care) costs down to the lowest they've been in 50 years.
Obamacare will provide coverage for abortions, despite the president's commitment that it would not.
In the Florida Republican primary, "we got a very large percentage of the, quote, conservative vote."
Roughly 700 Georgians die needlessly each year because they are too far from a trauma center.
Says Gov. Scott Walker "didn't balance the budget" so "we now have a larger state deficit 14 months into (his) term than we did when he was elected."
Says Donald Trump has "given more money to Democratic candidates than Republican candidates."
The decision to remove Chick-fil-A from Emory University was based solely on student feedback.
Hidden in the healthcare.gov code is language that means users "waive any reasonable right to privacy of your personal information."
More Texans have new jobs today than the entire population of Fort Worth.
Apply Now and Win the Canada Diversity Immigration Visa Lottery (DV-2019) Program | Live and Work in Canada.
I'm calling into question the accuracy of the ruling. The district judge in Seattle said there was no indication of terrorism from these seven countries in our country.
A majority of the American people opposed the health care law when it was signed and still oppose it today.
There's just one piece of legislation that is now law with Sen. Ted Cruz's "name on it."
As chair of the Senate Education Committee, I led the charge to restore most of the education cuts from last session.
More businesses are closing than opening in Virginia today.
Says U.S. Senate candidate Adam Hasner "cited his efforts to weaken pro-life and school choice legislation as unequivocal proof that he's a moderate."
In FY 2014 Planned Parenthood performed 327,653 abortions while receiving $528 million from taxpayers, in violation of "the Hyde amendment."
Says under President Barack Obama, the debt increased by 23 percent, which was less than under any president going back to Ronald Reagan.
Austin has "over 1,000 city employees that make six-figure salaries."
Property tax exemptions can be granted to small businesses that move into Milwaukee County.
ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson "will have to divest his holdings, that's a requirement" to serve as Secretary of State.
(Hillary Clinton's State Department) actually admonished one of her ambassadors because he wasn't using the proper server.
Harambe received 15,000 votes in the presidential election.
We see a quarter-billion dollars in a pension fund that needs to be funded at $1.2 billion.
Says he cut 'tax rates five times'
What the Arizona law does is make a state crime out of something that already is... a federal crime.
Says the federal government restricts "how much salt we can put on our food."
Says "72% of refugees admitted into U.S. (2/3 -2/11) during COURT BREAKDOWN are from 7 countries: SYRIA, IRAQ, SOMALIA, IRAN, SUDAN, LIBYA & YEMEN."
Congressman DeSantis voted to cut Social Security and Medicare and "voted to increase the retirement age."
Says stores will be barred from selling 100-watt light bulbs as of 2012.
Says Barack Obama "promised" gasoline at $2.50 a gallon.
There is a provision in the economic stimulus plan that means that "students cannot meet together in their dorms, if that dorm has been repaired with this federal money, and have a prayer group or a Bible study."
Says under Mayor Cory Booker, Newark has seen "violent crime up five years in a row, murder up five years in a row."
Of the four statewide races this century within a 300-vote margin, three have been overturned in a recount.
As we've seen that federal support for states diminish, you've seen the biggest job losses in the public sector -- teachers, police officers, firefighters losing their jobs.
Ninety percent of Americans want our background check system strengthened and expanded to cover more gun sales.
More than two months ago President Barack Obama signed a bill for more than $1 billion in Zika funding, but "the federal government has still only committed $7 million" to help Florida.
In his first meeting with University of Wisconsin System officials, Republican Governor elect Scott Walker told them to prepare for cuts.
Mercedes said high taxes and the cost of doing business in New Jersey worked to Georgia's advantage in landing the company's USA corporate headquarters.
More lives are lost from violence against women, sex-selective abortion, female infanticide, suicide, egregious maternal mortality, and other sex-linked causes than were lost during all of the wars and civil strife of the 20th century.
A "real result" of his term is Georgia having "the lowest taxes per capita of any state."
No one in the country has ever built a brand new sports facility and created this kind of development at the same time.
Tallahassee is "the ninth-rainiest (city) in the nation."
Says "Kurt Schrader supports Obama's sequester … but won't cut $1.6 million to fund new video games."
Wisconsin education agency "urged white students to wear white wristbands ‘as a reminder about your (white) privilege.' "
The U.S. gives foreign aid to Cuba and Venezuela, even though those countries are our enemies.
The latest Quinnipiac poll found that nearly six-in-ten Americans oppose ObamaCare -- 30% support the law and 57% oppose it.
Says U.S. Rep. Patrick Murphy has "sided with the GOP on key votes twice as often as he sided with Democrats."
Since 2013 alone, the Obama administration has allowed 300,000 criminal aliens to return back into United States communities. These are individuals encountered or identified by (Immigration and Customs Enforcement), but who were not detained or processed for deportation because it wouldn't have been politically correct.
Florida shelled out more money for drug testing than it saved by denying welfare benefits to people who tested positive for drugs.
Report: 3 million votes in presidential election cast by illegal aliens.
More than two-thirds of the aliens the Obama administration has brought to the United States under the president's Central American Minors program weren't actually minors at all.
Says that since 1975, redistricting by Texas lawmakers has always been found in violation of Section 5 of the Voting Rights Act.
The years that I was speaker, the Florida House consistently offered leaner budgets than the governor offered.
U.S. House opponent Paul Ryan supports "cutting funding for veterans by 24 percent."
Says President Ronald Reagan "had a month of job creation of 1 million."
United Airlines flight attendant slaps crying baby during flight.
Tom Suozzi raised taxes "by hundreds of millions of dollars" as Nassau County executive.
More people, almost twice as many, pay the penalty or take the waiver than signed up for (Obamacare).
The Milwaukee Police Department has seized nearly as many firearms this year as the much larger New York City Police Department.
The Iraq war has been "our longest war."
Schools in some states are spending up to 100 days a year doing test-prep or actual testing.
Probably less than 4 percent of Wisconsin residents "are enjoying the subsidies" from Obamacare.
Says Mitt Romney "runs away from Ronald Reagan."
Says a poll showed Democrat Beto O'Rourke within 2 percentage points of Republican Sen. Ted Cruz.
Says Gary Farmer's claim that he "received an 'A' from the NRA" is "an absolute lie."
He has asked for $932-million of earmark pork-barrel spending, nearly a million dollars for every day that he's been in the United States Senate.
Jim Renacci has been a lobbyist even while in Congress and "voted to make it easier for lobbyists to hold key government positions and harder to investigate conflicts of interest."
Says Mitch McConnell voted "three times for corporate tax breaks that send Kentucky jobs overseas."
President Obama's uncle and aunt "are illegal aliens ... who've been allowed to stay in this country."
The poverty level in the Dallas school district "is one of the highest in the country, higher than New York, Chicago, Los Angeles, Houston, Detroit and Newark."
African-Americans are grossly overrepresented on Florida's death row.
In 1992, Mitt Romney "gave money to Democrats for Congress."
Rep. David Cicilline is responsible for the federal loan guarantee to Solyndra, the failed solar company
John McCain wants to privatize Social Security.
Says Donald Trump said the government is going to pay for everybody to have health care.
Says his much-discussed boots are "made in Wisconsin."
US representatives promise implement of UN gun-control plans
Says President Barack Obama "built this $16 trillion debt."
Despite the passage of HB2, "towns, cities and counties in North Carolina are still allowed to set stricter non-discrimination policies for their own employees if they choose."
Uber and other ride-share firms are not required to carry auto insurance under Georgia law.
Says he's not a politician.
The Green Bay Packers are a socialist organization.
Says Bruce Braley "threatened to sue a neighbor over chickens that came onto (his) property."
Stephen Zappala is "the only DA in our state to convict an on-duty police officer of criminal homicide."
Says marijuana is "legal in most states in this country."
Says Congressman Jack Kingston voted to "raise his pay seven times."
You have 200,000 to 400,000 military veterans on the street in this country on any given day.
Says "Ted Kennedy sent a letter to then Soviet leader Yuri Andropov apologizing for Ronald Reagan and begging the Soviets not to overreact."
Health insurance is more expensive in Massachusetts than anywhere else in the country.
Says Tom Steyer is a "California billionaire who stands to profit by blocking Keystone" and "is spending big to help" Bruce Braley.
Says the California flag was supposed to be a pear, not a bear.
The No. 1 job vacancy in Florida every month for seven years has been nursing.
The income of the top 1 percent nearly quadrupled from 1979 to 2007, but the typical family's incomes barely budged.
Georgia ranks No. 9 in the rate of women murdered by men.
Says Joe Biden "went to China and said that he sympathized and wouldn't second-guess their one-child policy of forced abortions and sterilizations."
Since Sherrod Brown and the Democrats "rammed" the economic stimulus bill through, "Ohio's unemployment rate has risen to 9.6 percent, above the national average."
A Waushara County school closed because of state budget cuts supported by Republican Wisconsin state Sen. Luther Olsen.
What Trump is alleged to have done is actually no different than what Barack Obama did in April last year when he made it known that he didn't want Hillary prosecuted.
How is a misogynist bigot of epic proportions (like U.S. Rep. Steven Smith) allowed to serve?
Say George Washington said that "when government takes away citizens' right to bear arms it becomes citizens' duty to take away government's right to govern."
People buy more items during Georgia's sales-tax holidays, boosting economic activity.
A number of Democrats running for governor want to cut the prison population by 50% and "that would require the release of thousands of violent felons."
For the first time in history, the Democratic Congress will not allow an increase in the social security COLA (cost of living adjustment).
I haven't raised taxes in the time I've been the governor of New Jersey.
Women in Barack Obama's White House are earning less than men.
Virginia has a responsibility to fund 55 percent of public education and is paying just 41 percent.
Wisconsin state lawmakers worked seven days in 2012 but got "paid for a whole year."
I think I received more votes in the Democratic primary than any governor in history.
The Defense Department received only one-half of 1 percent of the nearly trillion-dollar stimulus package funding.
Despite keeping distance from national media interviewers, "I did local press all along, the last three months."
It's been nearly three weeks since the president has commented on questions about possible hidden wait lists at veterans hospitals.
Colin Kaepernick immediately loses Nike endorsement after anti-white rant.
In the month of July alone, EU exports to South Korea increased by over 36 percent. A lot of that is our market share. Those are our farmers and our service providers who are suffering.
Says Hillary Clinton "wants to let people just pour in. You could have 650 million people pour in and we do nothing about it. Think of it. That's what could happen. You triple the size of our country in one week."
A lot of the move to free the slaves ... did not come from the federal government. It came from a growing movement among the people, particularly people of faith.
We work longer hours than any people in the industrialized world, including the Japanese.
When President Obama was running for re-election … Senator Sanders was trying to find someone to primary him.
There is long historical precedent for a Supreme Court with fewer justices.
A few months into office, (President Barack Obama) traveled around the globe to apologize for America.
I've seen (life) from the factory floor when I was working the graveyard shift ...and I'd be ankle-deep in water at the Murray Ohio bicycle plant where I was running a machine that was so loud I couldn't hear myself yell if I wanted to.
Says Hillary Clinton "wanted the wall."
Says under President Barack Obama there's been "the lowest discretionary spending we've had in decades in the United States."
Says President Barack Obama is responsible for pending defense cuts.
In Wisconsin, only half of all the adults with serious psychological distress received mental health treatment or medication.
Says his campaign has received donations from "more than 7,000 contributors."
Says that under the Obama administration, "the debt has nearly doubled."
More women are graduating from college now than men.
I finished the controversy about where President Barack Obama was born.
I want to give every American a $5,000 refundable tax credit.
Every taxpayer owes about $130,000 to pay off the national debt.
Says "Bill Clinton and George Bush both say build the Keystone XL."
Says "my plan is a property tax cut."
A National Football League lockout would cost Atlanta $160 million in lost jobs and revenue.
Says Fox News gave Republican senators twice the air time as Democrats during a hearing about the Islamic State.
Milwaukee is "the most segregated city in America."
In a lawsuit between private citizens, a Florida judge "announced the decision was going to be based on Islamic Law."
Says that while his plan would narrow the time for early voting, "it still will be one of the most aggressive early voting time frames in America."
We spend more per student than almost any other major country in the world.
One of the reasons that Social Security is in so much trouble is that the only funding stream comes from people who get a wage. The people who get wages is declining dramatically.
John McCain "is proposing tax cuts that would give the average Fortune 500 CEO an additional $700,000 in tax cuts."
Says Ohio Gov. John Kasich said, "If a woman is not intelligent enough to keep her legs closed, how can we entrust the abortion decision to her?"
Says Panasonic stayed in New Jersey because of the Business Retention and Relocation Assistance Grant (BRRAG) program.
Barack Obama said "he's going to attack Pakistan and embrace (Iranian President Mahmoud) Ahmadinejad."
Under Scott Walker, "the Wisconsin middle class is shrinking at a faster rate than any other state in the country."
Common Core expects English teachers to spend at least half of their reading instructional time at every grade level on informational texts.
Kendrick Meek was "#1 in Florida in taking tobacco cash and then opposed a tax on cigars that would have helped pay for children's health care."
The average person who gets the minimum wage in America is 35 years old.
Says Hillary Clinton "promised, running for the Senate years ago, 200,000 jobs for upstate New York. ... Not only didn't they come, but they lost so many jobs."
Romney said "'No' to in-state tuition" for illegal immigrants.
Says explosive devices mailed to prominent Democrats and Trump critics confirm the "deep state (is) launching false flag against (mainstream media)/Dems to blame Trump & pro-America forces."
The Export-Import Bank "doesn't cost taxpayers anything."
Obama-Nelson economic record: Job creation ... at slowest post-recession rate since Great Depression.
Currently, we're at 36 percent of our children born out of wedlock.
Says her representation of an ex-boyfriend "who was then my friend" in a family law case is "something that lawyers do on a regular basis."
Less than 5 percent of registered users in states allowing medical marijuana have cancer or AIDS.
Says "Scott Brown's carrying some big oil baggage" because he "collected over $400,000 in campaign contributions."
The military has spent $500 million enforcing the "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" policy regarding gays and lesbians in the military.
The study of the Savannah River Estuary . . . clearly demonstrates the project can be constructed and [environmental] impacts will be mitigated.
The region I represent, both currently and in the future, has more automotive plants than the entire state of California.
Says Democratic challenger for his N.C. House seat "raised taxes on clothing, school supplies – even baby diapers!"
One international flight a day in a wide-bodied jet ... one flight daily generates $150 million a year and approximately 2,300 jobs.
Black voter turnout in 2012 exceeded the rate of white voter turnout, even in the states with the strictest voter ID laws.
In the last 50 years, (the federal government has) only balanced the budget five times.
(Birmingham, Ala.) is the cradle of the civil rights movement.
Amendment 2 will bring kid-friendly pot candy to Florida.
Oregon's Umpqua Community College "where the shooting occurred was a gun-free zone."
More than 7,000 Americans lost their lives to climate change-fueled events last year.
Tammy Baldwin voted for $5 trillion in higher taxes.
When is a farm bill not a farm bill? When 90 percent of it is for food stamps.
Report that #GOP insisting on changes to Social Security as part of #fiscalcliff false. BTW those changes are supported by @barackobama.
We have less Americans working now than in the '70s.
There has been a 100 percent "increase in student debt under this Democratic White House."
Julie Lassa willingly took a hefty pay raise at a time when people throughout her district and the state were losing their jobs.
Congress is a very special group of people. More than 80 percent of them never left the United States.
Says he "raised average family income by 50 percent" during his tenure as Arkansas governor.
North Korea's history of international negotiations shows "they'll take the concessions, they'll keep them in their pocket and then they won't deliver."
Says a new state report "confirms" that red-light cameras "lead to more accidents, more injuries and greater cost."
Under current policies, "we're going to reduce the overall debt of the United States by $3 trillion over the next 10 years."
Scientists have shown us (that) the greater possibilities, the real science movement, has been with adult stem cell research. It has not been with embryonic.
Barack Obama is "the only candidate who doesn't take a dime from oil company PACs or lobbyists."
More than once, I've actually had a conversation with the protesters on substance.
Says he predicts the weather better than Punxsutawney Phil.
The most significant driver of out-migration [from Rhode Island] is the estate tax.
McCain "hasn't held executive responsibility."
On disaster aid offsets
Because of Bruce Rauner, Illinois went 736 days without a budget, delaying funding for schools while local governments were forced to raise property taxes.
Handel endorsed gay adoption in 2003 when she was running for chairwoman of the Fulton County Commission.
Twenty-seven percent of Californians, almost 11 million, "were born in a foreign land."
Says "traffic fatalities have fallen dramatically, even as population has risen. You are more likely to stay alive biking, walking and driving around Portland than you were before" he took over the Portland Bureau of Transportation.
I doubled my African-American poll numbers. We went from 11 to 22 in one week.
Under President Barack Obama's jobs bill, states would no longer have to lay off teachers, firefighters and police officers.
On same-sex marriage
We have the most progressive tax system in the country, right here in Vermont.
Margaret Sanger "wanted a black Christian leader to be like a Judas goat and lead the blacks to genocide. Remember that? And they picked Martin Luther King as their spokesman."
90 percent of Americans "support universal background checks" for gun purchases.
The profit [from automated traffic enforcement cameras] is going to the private corporations, not to the city or state.
Cities like Seattle have decided to ban food carts.
A "substantial number" of probationers participating in a pilot project to ease the farm labor shortage are able to "finish the work."
Says "the cascading effects" of climate change contributed to the rise of ISIS.
Five members of [the Common Cause Georgia] board accepted maximum campaign contributions.
South Carolina has "the fastest-growing economy in the Southeast."
We just can't afford to pay 100 percent of government employee benefits.
According to a recent poll, "there are more young Republicans enrolled in their parents' (health insurance) plans than young Democrats."
Less than 1 percent of all the education dollars that we spend are spent on private (school) voucher programs.
As some of you may know I am the recent $3.4 million lotto winner. I'd like to spread some positivity so I'm sending $1,000 to the first 100k people that share this.
We have my opponent Sam Olens to thank for [the Arizona immigration ruling] since he was on the team that got Clinton elected.
A Scott Rothstein victim says that he was "swindled" by Charlie Crist.
Lee Zeldin "missed 2/3rds of Veterans Affairs Hearings"
Says a new national poll shows "the majority of the American people believe we should have a gold standard" for U.S. currency.
Over the last two years since President Obama has taken office, the federal government has added 200,000 new federal jobs.
There's never been a direct Supreme Court case on people who were here illegally, whether or not their kids are citizens.
There isn't a system for reuniting families separated under Trump's zero tolerance border policy.
(Obama's) entire national security team, including his secretary of state, said we want to arm and train and equip (Syrian rebel forces), and he made the unilateral decision to turn them down.
Among Syrian refugees, "there aren't that many women, there aren't that many children."
There are nearly 500,000 registered sex offenders across the country and at any one time about 100,000 are unaccounted for.
Justin Amash is rated Michigan's No. 1 conservative by National Right to Life.
Says allowing the payroll tax holiday to expire would end up "costing another estimated 900,000 jobs in 2012."
Says Obama "exempted Congress and their staff from the full effect of the (health care) law."
After Hurricane Hermine struck Tallahassee, "utility companies lined up trucks to restore power. But as mayor, Andrew Gillum refused help from workers."
Says Gov. Chris Christie's proposed budget is "the biggest spending budget in the history of the state of New Jersey. It is the largest in the nation at this point in time."
Says "Barack Obama is apparently not for vetting people and saying just anybody can come" to the United States.
Usually it's about $900 a month to get health coverage. (Florida's program has) reduced that, on average, to about $150 a month.
Brazil got off oil in the last 30 years.
Sen. Obama "made the very argument he is now criticizing back in November 2006."
I have always been focused on reining in the deficit.
The president of the United States will be taking a trip over to India that is expected to cost the taxpayers $200 million a day.
Half of illegal immigrants "come on legal visas and then overstay."
Obama says McCain went to Bermuda and "pledged to protect tax breaks for American corporations that hide their profits offshore."
Says Rick Perry co-chaired Al Gore's campaign for president.
Says, "I-205, six miles of which runs through my district, already carries more traffic than I-5."
Live cats have holes drilled into their skulls, posts put into their heads and coils put into their eyes, and some have had their ears cut off or are intentionally deafened or starved at UW-Madison labs that do research to improve hearing in humans.
Upwards of 90 percent of women seeking an abortion decide not to have an abortion after seeing an ultrasound.
The United States Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit is "the most overturned court in the country."
Says a Washington Post reporter who broke news on Judge Roy Moore story has a criminal history of "faking."
Under a House Republican appropriations bill, "6 million seniors are deprived of meals."
In the four years before I became governor, we increased state debt $5.2 billion. We've paid it down $2 billion.
Says, "Statistics indicate that one in eight children, and one in 18 adults in Oregon suffers from mental illness."
Says President Barack Obama is "absolutely" a Muslim.
Tampa got more (federal housing) money because they scored higher on the blight scoring system, so they've got a much bigger problem than we do.
Betty Sutton "gutted Medicare by $500 billion" with her vote for the president's health care bill.
The president's proposed budget "will help reduce the deficit by $400 billion over the next decade to the lowest level since Dwight Eisenhower was president."
Michelle Obama ordered $400 worth of lobster and caviar at a New York hotel.
The president's own advisers have said there's a war on coal.
Tom Ganley supports a 23 percent national sales tax that would raise taxes on the middle class while giving a huge tax break to millionaires like himself.
A company hired to do Common Core testing in Florida will "attract every one of your children to become as homosexual as they possibly can."
Says "there are actually more people in poverty now than there were when we started" the War on Poverty.
Tim Kaine "reduced higher education funding by 25 percent when he was governor, driving up tuition..."
Bin Laden had declared war against Pakistan.
There's no money in Social Security.
Says Ronald Reagan said immigrants "brought with them courage and the values of family, work, and freedom. Let us pledge to each other that we can make America great again."
For people in the top 1 percent for income, "your effective tax burden is in the low 20s, the lowest it's been in decades and decades and decades -- lower than somebody who might make substantially less money."
Under Barack Obama, the U.S. now has the "lowest workforce since (President Jimmy) Carter."
In 1960, most black children were raised in two-parent, monogamous families. Today "we have only 20 percent of black children being raised in two-parent, monogamous families..."
Because of President Barack Obama's failure to "push job creation," the black unemployment rate in Ferguson, Mo., is three times higher than the white unemployment rate.
Your tax dollars are not being used to sue you, the people.
Says President Barack Obama said when "we got bin Laden, terrorism problem solved."
A bipartisan payroll tax cut championed by the White House has meant that "the average family has an extra $1,000 in their pocket" this year.
Says President Barack Obama "will not utter the words ‘radical Islamic terrorism' and as matter of policy, nobody in the administration will say the words ‘radical Islamic terrorism.'"
Says state Rep. Sandy Pasch "did nothing to stop" people from scamming the Wisconsin Shares child-care subsidy program and voted against funding for fraud investigators.
Since 2008, we have cut 5,000 positions from Virginia public schools.
Under Greg Abbott, Texas four-year-olds would be forced to undergo standardized tests.
The Milwaukee County sheriff's department "plays only a limited role as a traditional law enforcement agency" and in 2009 reported far fewer crimes to the FBI than the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee police did.
true
Of all the money we spend on education, less than 32 percent goes to teachers.
Black homeownership just hit the highest level it has ever been in the history of our country.
Says Debbie Wasserman Schultz "going to mental hospital after what she did overnight desperate to escape arrest."
Says his administration put more border patrol agents on the U.S.-Mexico border than at "any time in history, and the flow of undocumented workers across the border is actually lower than it's been in 40 years."
Says "I don't agree with Mr. Hales that we should give a sweeping break to the developers to allow them to build that infill housing without paying for those very basics."
One generation ago we led the world in college graduation. We're 16th today.
Says a Republican-drawn map of proposed U.S. House districts for Texas "gerrymanders more than nine million Latinos in Texas to make sure that we have no more electoral opportunity than we did in 1991."
On the success of "Cash for Clunkers"
Says the Democrats told the Catholic Church that they'll use federal powers to shut down church charities and hospitals if the church doesn't change its beliefs.
Tens of thousands of fraudulent Clinton votes found in Ohio warehouse.
A $250 fine if you're caught with a plastic bag coming out of a store. Plastic bag police anyone?
African-Americans are more likely to be arrested by police and sentenced to longer prison terms for doing the same thing that whites do.
In Oregon, students are skipping math class to learn about the Bible.
A lawyer demanded "several Houston pastors hand over to the city government many of their private papers, including their sermons."
During the last election, Democrats won over a million votes more than Republicans, but because of the way districts are designed, the Republicans got 33 more members of the House of Representatives than the Democrats did.
Republican candidate for governor Nathan Deal fought to weaken Georgia's rape shield law.
PolitiFact Wisconsin "concluded that the charge that Justice Prosser prejudges matters that come before the court is True."
Rick Perry ended full-day Pre-K for 100,000 Texas children.
On using the Common Core standards for English and math instruction
In our proposal, we would have expanded school aid across the board … Governor Christie slashed school aid in this budget, preferring instead to extend a tax break for millionaires over funding in the classroom.
FCAT tests "account for less than 1 percent of the instructional time provided during the year."
Steve Poizner "increased his department's budget nearly 14 percent."
Until the new Iran deal, China and Russia "have never voted with us at the U.N. on any sanctions on Iran in the past."
Says she condemned violence at a campaign stop in Arizona in March.
Says the Human Rights Campaign is secretly funded
After Massachusetts passed a mandatory health insurance law "their mortality rate went down...it saved lives."
Says Multnomah County libraries "are open 44 hours per week … the lowest of any library in the four-county region."
The Pentagon itself says that we could eliminate 20 percent of U.S. bases.
Says Donald Trump "doesn't believe in equal pay."
Paula Deen supported and campaigned for Barack Obama.
BREAKING Trump Removes Muslim Federal Judge For Trying To Implement Sharia Law In America
Obama ad contends that John McCain endorses Rush Limbaugh's comments about immigration.
One out of five of our children live in a family that's on food stamps.
The new Arizona immigration law "says that any police officer can stop anyone who appears to them to be reasonably suspicious of being an undocumented person."
Says Marco Rubio "was for immigration reform and a pathway to citizenship before he was against it."
The Affordable Care Act "will likely go down as the biggest tax increase in history."
The STAR Ohio fund "just received the highest possible credit rating one of these funds can receive."
Up to half of all Americans have a pre-existing condition.
300,000 Floridians have lost their health insurance as a result of Obamacare.
We went from zero A elementary schools when I took office to 16 when I left, and our total A and B schools went up by 260 percent.
In Liberia, "a girl is more likely to be married by 18 than to know how to read."
The oil and natural gas industry provides or supports 141,600 jobs in Georgia.
Proof of citizenship isn't necessary before you register to vote in Florida.
In Ferguson, Mo., "you've got three black officers and 50 white officers with a town that is 67 percent African-American."
My plan actually gives the middle class the greatest break: $2,000 per family.
According to independent analysis, unfair trade deals have resulted in the loss of over 64,000 jobs in Wisconsin ... But Ron Johnson favors those deals.
Thanks to #ObamaCare, average E.R. wait in California is 5 hours.
Texas families have kept more than $10 billion in their family budgets since we successfully fought to restore Texas' sales tax deduction a decade ago.
Eighty-five percent of Floridians who will benefit from expanding Medicaid are "single, childless adults."
Wisconsin is not as obese as the national average is. The national average, 35.7 percent of the population is obese. In Wisconsin, it's closer to 26 percent.
They talk about this problem with binding arbitration. It doesn't make a lot of sense to me to have somebody from Los Angeles fly into Zanesville and impose a wage settlement on you ... and then they're on the plane back to Los Angeles.
As a candidate, President Obama "declared that everyone deserves access to reproductive health care that includes abortion, and vowed that this 'right' would be at the heart of his health care reform plan if elected president."
In 2005 or 2006 U.S. Sen. Chuck Schumer "voted for the wall."
Says Texas gained 21,000 doctors due to tort reform.
mostly false
Says Daniel Webster "used taxpayer funds to build a lobbyist lounge."
If Rhode Island applied a 1-percent sales tax on all items exempt from sales tax, ''the state would receive an additional $89,376,857.''
For each $1 billion in infrastructure investment, 42,000 jobs are created.
Says Neil Gorsuch "comes down on the side of felons over gun safety."
All pipelines that are coming into this country from now on has to be American steel.
A Georgia religious freedom bill would help Catholic institutions that, under Obamacare, could be forced to provide abortion-inducing drugs.
Says President Barack Obama's policy known as DACA "contributed to a surge of minors at the southern border."
Every 10th dollar spent by the Social Security Administration on its program for the poor is "waste, or fraud, they can't validate that the people should have gotten it," totaling about $8 billion a year.
Says Rick Santorum "voted to let convicted felons vote."
Says that under President John F. Kennedy, "government took up" 27 percent of the economy, and today it "consumes 37 percent."
Says Gov. Scott Walker's budget "includes tax breaks for corporations and the rich that will cost the state of Wisconsin taxpayers $2.3 billion over the next decade."
Thomas Jefferson said, "That government is best which governs the least, because its people discipline themselves."
Inspections of abortion centers around Virginia have found multiple violations of parental consent laws … but Gov. Terry McAuliffe and his administration have done nothing.
In Cobb County, every meeting opened with a prayer. The ACLU objected. Sued ... [Sam] Olens took on the ACLU and won!
In 2010 about 75 percent of child abuse and neglect reports in Oregon were made by those required to report by law.
Former business partner Robert Gay says: "The man who helped save my daughter was Mitt Romney."
She said, you know, 'I voted for it, but I hoped it wouldn't pass.' That was a quote on live TV.
In the 2011 legislative session, DEQ's budget was cut 18.5 percent — a disproportionate cut compared to other natural resource agencies.
Last year, ExxonMobil made $19 billion in profit. Guess what. They paid zero in taxes. They got a $156 million refund from the IRS.
One of every two Wisconsin residents are "on some kind of government handout."
(Jeff) Atwater's busy helping his friends and wasting our tax dollars -- $48 million for a government building so lavish it's dubbed the 'Taj Mahal,' $100,000 for a golf musuem, and $110 million to build a private prison to help a big contributor.
ObamaCare enrollment lie: Obama counts an enrollee as a web user putting a plan in ‘their online shopping carts.'
If you're a terrorist you can't fly, but "an assault weapon you can buy."
Says "(Clinton) called President Assad a ‘reformer.' She called Assad a ‘different kind of leader.' "
Under a proposal by Rep. Paul Ryan, people on Medicare will only have $15,000 from the federal government to spend on their health care.
Says Ted Cruz "wanted to let in more Syrian refugees and give amnesty to illegal immigrants."
At the time that (Medicare Part D) was passed (it) was actually less popular than the Affordable Care Act, according to the polls.
Atmospheric conditions could push a football's pressure "down approximately one-and-a-half pounds per square inch."
The Trump administration has granted amnesty to "nearly 100,000 'Dreamers' "
I've cut the budget of the (lieutenant governor's) office by more than half.
There is no disagreement that we need action by our government, a recovery plan that will help to jump-start the economy.
Pls refer to Jan.1 tax changes appropriately: they're OBAMA TAX HIKES & they'll slam every American's savings, investments & job opportunity
Betty Sutton and her fellow Democrats went on a spending spree and now their credit card is maxed out.
On birthright citizenship for illegal immigrants.
Last year (the U.S. women's soccer team) generated $20 million more than the men's team and were paid almost four times less.
Says Rick Scott "thinks employers should be able to deny women coverage for birth control."
Says Gov. Rick Scott "cut nearly $1 million from mosquito control and closed down the state's mosquito research lab a few years ago."
The Clinton Foundation is a charity where President and Secretary Clinton and their daughter, they take no salary, they get no money from it, they take no personal benefit from it.
Says children are coming into the U.S. in "staggering numbers" because President Barack Obama "has been promising amnesty."
Americans "bought into climate change" in 2004-06, but then most "began wandering away from this issue."
Gov. Bob McDonnell's budget plan takes "money out of our classrooms to pave roads."
Says U.S. Senate candidate Tommy Thompson supports a plan for "privatizing Social Security."
Says "the number of Americans living at or below the poverty line is at its highest level since" 1964.
Since the passage of Proposition 47 by voters in 2014 and the signing of AB 109 in 2011, violent crime has been on the rise in California, up 12 percent in 2015 statewide according to the FBI.
On average, college students "are taking six years to get a four-year degree."
On "repeal and replace" of federal health care reform.
Texas law enforcement officer fatally shot upon arriving for work by 3 Muslim refugee.
More than 250 (voter registration) groups, ranging across the entire political spectrum, have filed with the state and are registering voters right now.
Says Texas ranks 49th nationally in "what we are doing to support our per-pupil investment in education in the state."
Says "Many people I've talked to are angry that because of City Hall inaction we may have to spend a needless $500 million to cover and treat our pure drinking water."
Says Texas has more than 80,000 abortions each year.
Atlanta Public Schools' 2011 CRCT tests were "given under the strictest security possible."
Says that since lawmakers acted, "we have 130 new businesses across Texas doing helicopter hog hunts."
Says since 2000, Austin's "tax burden" rose more than 40 percent while family income rose more than 20 percent.
The poorest in this country are women.
Says opponent Mary Burke told reporters she would have "required workers to give up bargained-for healthcare and retirement benefits like Gov. Walker."
Barack Obama "rejects everyone white, including his mother and his grandparents."
Ben Bernanke has been the most "inflationary" chairman in the history of the Federal Reserve.
In New Hampshire, 93 percent of Democrats, 79 percent of Republicans, 82 percent of gun owners and 60 percent of NRA households support background checks.
Says Gov. Rick Perry has been "begging" for the federal government to send the Coast Guard to patrol two lakes on the U.S.-Mexico border.
In 2011 alone, 269 New Jerseyans were killed by gun violence.
Says "tenure still exists but it's been overhauled" for teachers in New Jersey.
Celine Dion's 16-year-old Rene-Charles Angelil's was among the 58 victims who were killed in Las Vegas.
Says Florida "workers are paid $8.10 an hour, and our current governor (Rick Scott) runs ads bragging about it."
The State Department asked all secretaries of state to send their emails over. Hillary Clinton's "the only one who's done it."
I delivered a flat tax for my state. I took my state to No. 1 in job creation. With all due respect to what Rick Perry has said about Texas, we did a little bit better.
Both the Democratic and Republican candidates for president in 2016 are "quite unpopular."
Ronald Reagan's signature on the 1986 amnesty act gave Barack Obama about 15 million additional Hispanic votes in 2012.
Says a federal program that collects reported side-effects of vaccinations doesn't accept possible outcomes extending to road accidents, heart attacks or suicides.
Granite Staters who hold individual policies from Anthem...can indeed renew their policies and keep their current doctors and hospitals in 2014.
The Islamic State, or ISIS, was "cast off by al-Qaida because" it was "considered too extreme."
The minimum wage is "lower right now than it was when Ronald Reagan took office."
Says Rick Scott "cut $700 million from water management."
The radiation coming from the new TSA body scanners is "equivalent to about three minutes' worth of air travel by anybody, say, at 30,000 feet."
Says Patrick Murphy is trying to "hide his drunken assault of a police officer."
Toledo Mayor "Mike Bell (once) lost his job as a firefighter because his city ran out of money."
President Obama has declared disasters in 48 of 50 states this year.
On reauthorization of Export-Import Bank.
The only housing authority in the state that we have actually given money to is NYCHA.
Every year in the United States between 3,000 and 4,500 severe vaccine reactions are reported to the Centers for Disease Control. Not mild reactions. Severe reactions that land somebody in the hospital, the intensive care unit or cause a permanent disability or death.
Hillary Clinton lied many times to the FBI.
With a bill bringing $100 million in property tax relief, "the typical Wisconsin homeowner will save approximately $680 over four years."
I became a Republican sooner in my life than Ronald Reagan did in his.
Says Tom Hughes supports paving over thousands of acres with over-development and sprawl.
Smart! 'Kuwait issues its own Trump-esque visa ban for five Muslim-majority countries.' 
Every president has raised the debt ceiling.
Last year was one of the deadliest years ever for law enforcement officers.
The average person only pays about $1,800 in state taxes — which is the lowest of all 50 states.
One of the most recent polls said 75 percent of the American people have said either don't do anything or start over (on health care reform).
New York is the safest big city in the nation, and our crime reductions have been steeper than any other big city's.
When we passed (the stand your ground law), we said it portends horrific events when people's lives were put into these situations.
Romneycare has … killed 18,000 Massachusetts jobs.
Deepwater's own testimony . . . is they said they'll create six jobs.
The federal government borrows $4 billion every day.
When it comes to being effective at creating jobs … (Chris Christie has not had) a record of governing for effectiveness. ... Last year, New Jersey created no net new jobs.
When Obama took office "the economy of the United States was actually shrinking for the first time in about 70 years."
On most things except witch trials, Virginia will always have been first.
As a result of climate change, ice fishermen in Wisconsin "are already noticing fewer days they can be out on our ice covered lakes."
Due to a flaw in the 1995 Outer Continental Shelf Deep Water Royalty Relief Act numerous oil companies are now drilling in the Gulf of Mexico in federal lands and paying no royalties to the federal government.
Republican state lawmakers "are refusing to give the people of their own states their own tax dollars back in the form of (expanded) Medicaid."
Hartsfield-Jackson's new international terminal is opening "within budget."
Says Leah Vukmir "wrote a letter seeking leniency for a fellow state legislator convicted of sexual assault."
There are more poor people today as a percentage of our population than the 1970s.
Americans will spend more on taxes in 2015 than on food, clothing and housing combined.
This is longest that the nation has gone without a secretary of the Treasury, at least in modern times. If it's not the longest, it's darn close to it.
We are within the margin of error.
[Mitt] Romney and [Brendan] Doherty certainly have a lot in common, like flip-flopping on abortion -- in Doherty's case, in a little over a week.
There have been three people tried and convicted by the last administration in military courts. Two are walking the street right now.
Says Hillary Clinton "doesn't believe in your right to keep a gun at home for self-defense."
Tonight in Ohio, more people came out to vote for Barack Obama in an unopposed race than voted for (Mitt) Romney and (Rick) Santorum combined.
Says Adam Hasner's record includes "requesting over $92.2 million in earmarks."
Now, there was a time when someone like Scalia and Ginsburg got 95-plus votes.
Under Phil Bredesen, in sexual harassment cases, his administration chose "to shred some of the documents so that women's voices would never be heard."
We've created or saved up to 1.6 million jobs, according to the CBO -- the Congressional Budget Office -- through the Recovery Act.
This is the same (farm) bill we voted on a few weeks ago, with the exception of one or two sentences.
If Barack Obama would apply for a job with the FBI or with the Secret Service, he would be disqualified because of his past associations with William Ayers.
The average CEO makes $10,000 more every day ... than what the average worker makes every year.
John Kasich says he won, despite "12 visits by a president, somewhere between $45 (million) and $50 million (spent against him,) 500 paid volunteers in here calling me every name in the book, former presidents, first ladies and God-knows-who-else."
Our spending has caught up with us, and our debt soon will eclipse the entire size of our national economy.
The Fair Tax proposal encourages innovation and investment "level the playing field" for American companies to compete globally.
Says Donald Trump mocked "someone with a disability."
As has been noted by many observers, including Bill Clinton's former secretary of labor, my plan does more than anybody to reduce costs.
Says "Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg is resigning from the post of associate justice of the Supreme Court."
Typical minimum wage earners in America are teenagers living with their parents in middle class families.
State economic development dollars were used to support a project where goods were manufactured in China.
Says Donald Trump "used undocumented labor to build the Trump Tower."
Republicans are attempting to remove Barack Obama from Georgia's Presidential Ballot in 2012.
Says a national Coca-Cola study showed Texans love Texas more than residents of any other state love their state; Wisconsinites ranked second.
We're 49th in the United States in new businesses created.
Says Donald Trump "said a woman should be punished for exercising her right to choose."
We bailed out Johnson Controls when "we saved the auto industry" and "now they want to avoid paying taxes."
Since the Fed was created in 1913, "the U.S. Dollar has lost 98% of its purchasing power."
When you look at what we have done over the last decade, we created 1 million jobs in the state of Texas. At the same time, (the rest of) America lost 2.5 million.
In 1950, corporations paid $3 in taxes for every $1 by a worker. Today, they pay 22 cents for every $1 by a worker.
When Pakistan erupted in crisis, I spoke to Musharraf before Bush did.
In the past six years alone, changes to the pension formula … have saved over half a billion dollars.
Pasco County has the second highest population of homeless in all of Florida.
The Postal Service's financial losses result from "a 2006 law that drains $5 billion a year from post office revenue, while the Postal Service is forced to overpay billions more into federal accounts."
I have always condemned … any of these white supremacists or bigots or anything like that.
Oregon's "three largest employers, and 13 of the top 25, are health care providers."
mostly false
Refugee "vetting was very haphazard," under the Obama Administration. "In many cases, we simply accepted the word of applicants."
Soy ... el único official estatal quién es un hombre de negocios.
Says Rush Limbaugh made it clear he'd rather see the country fail than President Barack Obama succeed.
Says Rick Scott's proposed budget "would lay off 20,000 teachers."
We waterboard, incidentally, hundreds of our own military personnel. They waterboard themselves in training to toughen themselves up.
The city's 30 percent set aside for affordable housing in urban renewal areas is calculated citywide -- not district by district
I remember landing under sniper fire.
On my last trip to New Hampshire, I think I met the guy who founded the first and only bank since Dodd-Frank passed, since the financial crisis. One bank in the country.
Says Chris Christie "vetoed equal pay for women 3 times. He only let the bill pass once it became a damaging campaign issue."
Says there is proof Democrats hired actors to plan violence in Charlottesville.
In my attorney general's office, we've cut the budget 18 percent.
President Obama was "raised Muslim."
ISIS sends out "90,000 social (media) messages a day."
Taxpayers subsidize 80 percent of each MARTA trip
Tampa man loses testicles after trying to 'fill scuba tank with weed smoke.'
Connecticut's take on slot machines is 25 cents on the dollar. And the state's take on table games: zero.
Says President Obama has grown the federal government payroll by 141,000 workers and wants to add 125,000 more.
A Chinese proverb says, "Those who say it can not be done, should not interrupt those doing it."
If you look at the three people on the (debate) stage from the United States Senate, all three of them have a combined two bills that became law that they've sponsored.
The United States invented the community college. Nobody else had ever done anything like it.
We are the only major country on Earth that doesn't guarantee health care to all people as a right.
Says he never wanted to raise the debt ceiling.
Says Texas is the only state that exempts jet fuel from its state motor fuels tax.
BREAKING: Nancy Pelosi to resign after new revelations.
Thirty percent of [Sheldon Whitehouse' campaign] money is coming from special interests.
Says Adam Putnam "backed a water bill that gutted water quality regulations."
Obamacare Medical Codes Confirm: Execution by Beheading To Be Implemented in America.
When Nancy Nusbaum was Brown County executive, spending went up nearly 50 percent.
CBO reports that delaying the Obamacare individual mandate will reduce the deficit by $35 billion over ten years.
Says Mitt Romney "was director of a company that stole millions from Medicare."
The CBO found that the House Republican health care plan would lower premiums by "up to about 10 percent" and, for purchasers in the individual market, "those cost savings could even be higher."
Says Majority Leader Eric Cantor called for "abolishing Social Security and Medicare."
Says Ted Cruz supports "legalizing people who are in this country illegally."
The president released all of the oil from the Strategic Oil Reserve.
On bringing casino gambling and other gaming to Georgia
Republican candidate for governor Allan Fung "donated to Democrats like Congressman David Cicilline, disgraced (House) speaker Gordon Fox and even Mr. Obamacare, Harry Reid."
Says the "last non-partisan commission to improve the voting experience in America concluded that #VoterID was necessary."
Sen. Kamala Harris is "supporting the animals of MS-13."
Says Barack Obama was silent on Iran "when the students took to the streets in Tehran and the people there protested, (and) the Green Revolution occurred."
This president ... could have gotten crippling sanctions against Iran. He did not.
Forty-seven percent of (members of Congress) are millionaires.
Rick Scott's even saying he wants more offshore drilling.
State pension fund staffers "lost billions. Then Sink gave them bonuses."
Despite the administration telling us (health care reform) was going to reduce health care costs, they now acknowledge it's going to dramatically increase health care costs.
The $1.8 billion in [transportation] bonding, we don't have a repayment mechanism.
The NSA and FBI tell Congress that Russia did not influence electoral process.
The Clinton camp was the first to get it out there and try to say there was something untoward about the speech that Melania Trump gave.
More than 27,000 Rhode Island jobs depend on trade with Canada.
Less than half of jobs at the Carrier manufacturing plant in Indiana "are actually staying."
Says military expenditures for the United States are greater than the combined spending of the next 14 largest nations.
John McCain has said the economy is "not his strong suit."
Your Congressman, Charlie Bass, took over $166,000 from Big Oil.
Breaking: Czech Republic arms citizens. You can now shoot terrorists on sight.
Odds of winning the Monopoly Millionaire instant win game are 1 in 3.27.
28 percent of Kentuckians don't have any online access.
Says the Department of Defense changed its definitions of al-Qaeda and the Taliban making it so almost anybody can be loosely associated with the groups.
According to data provided by the Department of Justice, the vast majority of individuals convicted of terrorism and terrorism-related offenses since 9/11 came here from outside of our country.
Says Bill Nelson "voted against requiring Iran to recognize Israel and release American hostages."
Says Thom Tillis "refuses to say what we should do to combat ISIS."
McDonald's workers in Denmark have a union. Earn $45,000/year.
Says 57 percent of federal spending goes to the military and just 1 percent goes to food and agriculture, including food stamps.
White supremacist who killed protester is a Democrat and visited (President Barack) Obama in Oval Office.
The deal to raise the nation's debt ceiling will "directly link a debt ceiling increase to spending cuts for the first time ever."
Six years after unionization, 20,000 fewer children in Illinois were being served by the Child Care and Development Fund program.
When Carly Fiorina says Hewlett-Packard "revenues went up, that's because she bought Compaq. It was a terrible deal."
The Republicans have never done anything really to balance the budget.
State employees will have to pay 100 percent of their pensions and health insurance after 2012.
Says the Donald J.Trump Foundation's money "is his money."
Because of Barack Obama the mission in Iraq ended.
Rick Scott "was forced to resign as the head of a company that pled guilty to massive amounts of systematic fraud, including 14 felonies, leading to a historic $1.7 billion fine."
When I was born, defense spending was 60 percent of the budget. It's now 17 percent.
We're going to be looking at $8 billion a day that we're going to be pouring into foreign countries in order to import that make-up fuel that we're going to need to take the place of what we could have gotten out of the gulf.
Honduras "bans citizens from owning guns" and has the "highest homicide rate in the entire world." Switzerland, with a similar population, "requires citizens to own guns" and has the "lowest homicide rate in the entire world."
Hate speech is not protected by the first amendment.
Georgia is the second-fastest growing state for international tourists.
Mexico's Next President Calls for An Invasion Of The US
When his grandfather arrived in the United States, "there were no government benefits for immigrants."
Says Mark Begich "has taken campaign cash from the Kochs" while Dan Sullivan hasn't.
The Republican leadership's budget proposal "doesn't contain any numbers."
We're borrowing 20% of (the federal) budget.
You go down to Miami and when it's flooding at high tide on a sunny day, fish are swimming through the middle of the streets.
State revenue projections have missed the mark month after month.
We have never done business with Donald Trump.
Fifty-three percent of teens in Central Falls are getting pregnant.
Malia Obama suspended after racist anti-white attack goes viral.
In 2011, texting surpassed alcohol as the leading contributing factor in teen driving deaths.
On assault weapon violence: "Ducks have more protection than people in Virginia."
This year, Eric Cantor has received more money from oil companies than any other member of Congress.
Says Ohio's economic recovery "started in February 2010."
Assertions that it makes no difference whether children are raised by heterosexual or homosexual parents have been "shattered by the latest and best social science and research."
The black unemployment rate (has) increased since the recovery has begun.
In one Colorado hospital, 50 percent of newborns tested had marijuana in their system.
Says Donald Trump's first 17 Cabinet appointments "have a net worth of more than a third of America."
There hasn't been a Republican in the legislature or the City Council in Providence in over 30 years.
Says one in three Texas children drop out of high school.
Before NAFTA, trade between the US and Mexico was around $50 billion. Now it stands at more than $500 billion.
When Mitt Romney was governor of Massachusetts, he "stood in front of a coal plant and pointed at it and said, ‘This plant kills.'"
When he (Donald Trump) asked Florida to have casino gambling, we said no.
What happens is people like Warren Buffett — and he says this himself...pay 15 percent on the millions of dollars that they earn from wealth income... while their secretary is paying a higher rate on her work income. It's not right.
Says "76 percent of all voters in the United States say they want Johnson-Weld, by name, in the presidential debates."
Says Saddam Hussein "had a 10-year relationship with al-Qaida."
Businesses are leaving Illinois. I think, statistically, that can be proven to be false through the Bureau of Labor Statistics. No net businesses left Illinois.
We lost more jobs in this great recession than the last four recessions combined.
I have sent over $400 million to the border of Mexico in the form of Texas Ranger recon teams.
Says "Dan McCready wants to repeal tax cuts that saves (sic) you $1,300" per year.
Texas added more jobs in 2010 than any other state.
Says "Canada has one-tenth of our population—yet it issues far more high-skilled visas (more than 150,000) yearly than we do (65,000)."
State "school funding per pupil is down 16 percent compared to 2009, after adjusting for inflation."
The president's come out with rules that say, 'No new coal-fired power plants.' 
There is not a single documented case of abuse of the bulk metadata collection program.
Gov. Romney's own health care plan in Massachusetts ... requires by law that a representative from Planned Parenthood sit on the MassHealth advisory board.
Says President Obama waited two weeks to call the attack in Libya "terror."
The mayor said … 'if you happen to be in this country in an undocumented status . . . then we welcome you here. We want you here. We'll protect you here.' 
For four years, we balanced the budget and paid off $405 billion in debt.
The man who killed a motorist who fatally struck a 2-year-old was "back on the street" because he had received a 13-year sentence for bank robbery but only "served two years."
Morgan Griffith fought for a plan that would have taken money away from our schools and given it to Northern Virginia schools instead.
The Mexican government forces many bad people into our country.
Every time we've cut taxes, revenues have gone up, the economy has grown.
Says Jeff Wentworth was the only Republican to vote against the Texas measure requiring women to have a sonogram before receiving an abortion.
It's a good sign for Obamacare that in California, "the proportion of kids who are signing up is the proportion of kids in the population."
Senator Obama has voted 94 times to either increase your taxes or against tax cuts.
Luke Messer? He plotted with the Never-Trumpers to steal the nomination from President Trump.
We jumped 11 places since beginning this year in terms of being job-friendly.
Sheldon Whitehouse [got] a secret closed-door briefing, warning of the [2008 economic] crash.
We should be seeing numbers in the 500,000 jobs created per month. (Creating 115,000 jobs, the total from April 2012) is way, way, way off from what should happen in a normal recovery.
Old City in Philadelphia "used to have more than a dozen clubs and that's what we were known for and now we're down to two."
Says Virginia is the biggest state that does not have a major league sports team.
The last time Republicans held hostage a resolution to ensure that our country's bills were paid cost us more than $1 billion in added interest and slowed the economic recovery.
Says Romney tax plan "could take away middle-class deductions for child care, mortgages and college tuition."
Says a state bill checks the spending habits of the Milwaukee County Board of Supervisors by "bringing it in line with other county boards around the state."
Under the DREAM Act, after two years of higher education or military service "you are eligible for citizenship. Once a citizen, this paves the way to bring the rest of (your) extended family to the United States."
If you survey, most (North Carolina) Democrats also agree with our (election) laws and voter ID.
Says Will Hurd said a border-long U.S.-Mexico wall "absolutely makes sense."
Trump approval rating better than Obama and Reagan at same point in their presidencies.
U.S. troops are getting only 4 hours of Ebola training before deployment to Liberia.
When the auto industry was going under, car parts companies like Johnson Controls "begged taxpayers for a bailout, and they got one."
Says "$30 million gap" in stadium funding forced the Portland Beavers to leave.
half true
A majority of Americans now live in states where they have decided to legalize cannabis, including recreational and medical marijuana.
I've gotten to see the commercials that they did on you. And I've gotten to see some of the most vicious commercials I've ever seen of Michelle Obama talking about you, Hillary.
Charlie Crist has six different positions on ObamaCare.
The Bush administration had been "giving (auto companies) billions of dollars and just asking nothing in return."
Says "President Obama and his National Labor Relations Board" sued Boeing over its decision to open a plant in South Carolina.
Says Suzanne Bonamici "supports the $500 billion cut to Medicare passed last year."
Says Ted Cruz's father "was with Lee Harvey Oswald" before the assassination of President John F. Kennedy.
On recusing herself from cases after receiving a campaign contribution
Neither Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump has a plan to address the civil war in Syria.
In the 2000 Florida election, at least 1,100 eligible voters were wrongly dropped from voting rolls in an attempt to purge a list of felons. Many of those who were dropped showed up to vote and were told they could not.
"Hospitals, doctors, MRIs, surgeries and so forth are more extensively used and far more expensive in this country than they are in many other countries.''	mostly true"
Not only is there no scientific evidence that CO2 is a pollutant, higher CO2 concentrations actually help ecosystems support more plant and animal life.
Says state Senate candidate "Monk Elmer voted to exceed the (school district property tax) spending caps."
Today the Walton family of Walmart own more wealth than the bottom 40 percent of America.
Nearly 100,000 people get shot every year. That's 270 people a day and 87 dead.
Says he lived in a colonia while working as a farm worker.
Says Texas high school graduates must pass Algebra II to be eligible for automatic admission to state's public universities.
The Department of Justice, under the Obama administration, disagrees with the decision Judge Sotomayor made in the Ricci vs. DeStefano case.
There's at least 7,500 addicted gamblers in Rhode Island, at least, … it could be as high as 22,000.
Says Sen. Dean Heller "wants to cut programs like Social Security and Medicare to pay for tax cuts for his ultra-wealthy donors."
Obamacare "is the biggest job-killer in this country -- millions of Americans have lost their jobs, have been forced into part-time work."
Sen. Joe Lieberman's "home state has a public option which covers about 10,000 of its citizens that was introduced by its Republican governor."
The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office "received zero complaints" about the Washington Redskins name.
Youngest world leader bans George Soros's Foundations from Austria.
Says U.S. Rep. John Faso "voted for an age tax on seniors."
22 Countries Invaded by the U.S. in 20 Years.
Ryan Sitton's company "accepted over $650,000 in Obama stimulus dollars."
Nearly 40,000 new jobs have been created in the last year due to the new wells . . . right here in Ohio.
Says Ann Kirkpatrick "votes with her party nearly 90 percent of the time."
I think it is unacceptable for the Chinese today to be larger in wind power and in solar panels and photovoltaic manufacturing than all of Europe put together -- forget the United States.
Latinos are 17 percent of our country's population but hold only 2 percent of its wealth.
When people enter the service, there's not a mental health evaluation.
Says U.S. Senate candidate Tommy Thompson "says he'll do away with Medicare."
The Climatic Research Unit e-mails show that the science behind climate change "has been pretty well debunked."
You can't build a Christian church in Saudi Arabia.
Says Hillary Clinton "gave up 20 percent of America's uranium supply to Russia."
Individuals and small businesses will be hit by increases in health insurance premiums as high as 39 percent.
Says U.S. Senate candidate Tammy Baldwin "proposed a $3.9 trillion tax increase -- a tax increase so extreme" that "even Nancy Pelosi voted against it."
President Obama has "added $4 billion in debt every day."
Florida's "unemployment is at a record low."
Not even Tim Kaine is willing to say he trusts Hillary Clinton.
Congressman Cicilline, when he was the mayor of Providence, espoused a sanctuary city.
The president's budget "would take ... non-defense spending to its lowest level ... as a percentage of the economy since JFK."
As a senator, Hillary Clinton "actually paid female staffers a lot less than men."
Says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker is making voting more difficult by closing Department of Motor Vehicles offices where "low-income voters" live.
Says Missouri needs a voter I.D. law because "there's over 16 people in the state of Missouri who have been convicted of some type of voter fraud."
In Wisconsin, more than 300,000 people have "some kind of addictive gambling problem, whether it's pathological or what we'd categorize as a problem gambler."
Says "by reducing chronic health care costs in the State of Georgia, we can reduce the $32.8 billion lost each year due to lack of productivity and economic costs."
The Republican tax bill "lets every American keep more of what they earned."
There's a big chunk of the country that thinks that I have been too soft on Wall Street.
Says his administration balanced "two budgets with over $13 billion in deficits without raising taxes."
A $10 million fire fee proposal in St. Petersburg was "inspired" by Gov. Rick Scott.
Under a Wisconsin bill, "minor offenses such as violating pet leash laws, seat belt laws, parking infractions, etc., would now be arrestable offenses."
Says Scott Walker "cut back early voting and signed legislation that would make it harder for college students to vote."
Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker's "budget okays disposing of unclaimed pound dogs to university research facilities."
Says Kurt Schrader "cast the deciding vote that failed to extend tax cuts for Oregon's middle-class families and small businesses."
This is a test of the Share the Facts widget.
A data-storing microchip "would be implanted in the majority of people who opt to become covered by the public health care option."
Your chances of throwing it are actually a little bit better in that situation.
Building and running the Atlanta Streetcar is projected to create 1,399 jobs.
The U.S. deficit "increases at $3 million per second."
The status quo led the General Assembly to reduce pension payments four straight years starting in 2005, costing billions of dollars as the delay in contributions essentially borrowed from pension funds at a very high interest rate.
Says Bernie Sanders "has been largely a very reliable supporter of the NRA."
Oregon is spending $10 million advertising Obamacare with ads that don't even mention the program and how to enroll in it and that don't "mention the word ‘insurance.'"
Mitt Romney "drove to Canada with the family dog Seamus strapped to the roof of the car."
President Obama's health care law "represents a government takeover of health care."
The poverty rates for African Americans and Hispanic Americans -- it's been incredible, they've all reached their lowest levels in the history of our country.
The U.S. initially had three federal felonies: treason, piracy, and counterfeiting securities and money.
Hispanic unemployment has been ticking down from an all-time high of 13.9 percent because of the policies we've implemented.
If you go strictly by the numbers, crime is down across the board. Last year we had a 10 percent decrease in the most serious crimes.
More than 72 percent of children in the African-American community are born out of wedlock.
Says "Donald Trump is a guy who has called for privatization" of the Veterans Administration.
This president spends 30 times as much money on global warming research as he does on weather forecasting and warning.
Says judges "get better benefits at a lower cost than everybody else in the state."
About 800 people refused to get a drug screening because they are "out there on drugs."
2014 midterm election spending by "the left and the right are both equal."
I am the only U.S. Senate candidate who spoke out against bombing Syria, and who challenged Georgia's governor and insurance commissioner over obstruction to the Affordable Care Act.
Says only 25 percent of Texas high school students graduate prepared for college or careers.
Unemployment is low because everyone has two jobs. Unemployment is low because people are working 60, 70, 80 hours a week and can barely feed their family.
Medicare has spent $172 million on penis pumps in the last five years at $360 a pop.
Common Core is "education through Washington D.C."
When (Marcy) Kaptur fought for the Democrats' prescription drug benefit for seniors, (Dennis) Kucinich voted no.
Breitbart leaks names of four Dems being charged in Mueller's Russia probe.
Gross income tax receipts are exceeding the Administration's projections for this fiscal year prior to Sandy.
Tommy Thompson created the first school choice program in the nation, giving thousands of Milwaukee students the choice of where they go to school – no matter where they live or how much money their parents make.
Jeb's policies in Florida helped lead to its almost total collapse.
Mayor Fung wants to punish our children's education by removing 12 million dollars from current funding to pay for his private charter school. Your taxes would increase by between 6 and 8 percent per year.
A "fairly limited number of people, 25 million to 30 million," will be allowed to access a national health insurance exchange.
I have had the challenge during this administration to suspend no less than 37 public officials in about 36 months.
Says Gov. Rick Scott's approval ratings are up.
President Barack Obama has "announced that he would not sign ANY spending bills this year unless sequestration spending cuts are eliminated."
A quarter of our guns are sold outside of the background checks.
Says opponents of the health care law "prevailed on our two main arguments" to the U.S. Supreme Court.
We got the highest vote count in the history of the Republican Party.
When Obama was sworn into office, "he DID NOT use the Holy Bible, but instead the Kuran (Their equivalency to our Bible, but very different beliefs)."
Starbucks executive "believes white men are the root of all evil."
Since he took office as Milwaukee County executive, "we have never raised" bus fares and "this year there'll be a million route-miles more than there were five years ago."
A "legacy of taxing and borrowing … crippled the economy we inherited two years ago."
Boston Marathon bombing suspect Tamerlan Tsarnaev is buried "not far" from President Kennedy's grave.
The ACLU didn't call for an investigation (of the Newark police department), they called for an immediate federal monitor.
More than a quarter of mortgage borrowers are underwater, and 11 percent of all homes are vacant.
At least 7 dead and 48 wounded in terror attack and Mayor of London says there is ‘no reason to be alarmed!' 
Says Ronald Reagan "repeatedly talked about how irresponsible it would be to allow the full faith and credit of the United States to be impaired in any kind of way."
Under the Democratic health plan, families "will be forced to spend an additional $2,100 a year to keep their current health care."
Says the 1956 Republican Party platform supported equal pay, the minimum wage, asylum for refugees, protections for unions and more.
Georgia has the country's second highest number of fraudulent tax refund claims.
Fiorina's plan would mean slashing Social Security and Medicare.
Says Marco Rubio has "the worst voting record there is today."
Doctors kill about 250,000 people a year in botched surgeries.
In its current state, this bill is the most restrictive voter ID legislation in the nation.
Gas prices have never been higher, and Exxon Mobil's profits have never been higher.
Medicare insurance premiums will be rising to "$120.20 per month in 2013 and $247.00 per month in 2014."
Hillary Clinton furious at ‘special gift' Melania Trump sent her from her hospital bed
Eighty out of 82 counties in Ohio ... have an auto manufacturing facility.
Every new Republican member of the U.S. Senate said they "will vote to repeal and replace Obamacare."
Says that as a judge, she has "presided over more than 10,000 cases."
The United States "is the only major country that taxes its own exports."
While Mandel's been busy traveling the country raising campaign money, he hasn't shown up for work.
Cap and trade legislation that Zack Space supported "would cost the average household approximately $1,761 per year in increased energy rates."
I think we came down here (to Florida) one time ... but we weren't actively fundraising here.
Job creation has gotten worse each year that Scott Walker has been governor.
Says Hillary Clinton "is under investigation with the FBI right now."
Rick Scott "doesn't have any ties to a lobbyist."
We went from $160 billion deficit spending in (President George W.) Bush's last year to $1.6 trillion the following year.
Democrats give "Newports to the homeless to get them to the polls."
Says Donald Trump "claimed our armed forces are 'a disaster.'"
There are Justice Department policies against FBI Director James Comey discussing details of a federal investigation "so close to an election."
Rhode Island "charter schools are nationally recognized as outperforming their counterparts across the country."
After President Barack Obama's health care law takes full effect, "100 percent" of Americans will "depend on some form of federal payment, some form of government benefit to help provide for them."
About half of the presidents have been governors; half of them, senators.
We now have about one-third of New York's population on Medicaid.
Said the Washington Post argued that a failure to pass the START treaty this year would be "no calamity," and that the Associated Press said "the administration concedes the security risk is not immediate."
What they will do is socialized medicine.
Rhode Island's graduated driving license "has saved hundreds of lives."
Says that under Rick Perry's plan, "Texas has cut funding for public schools by 25%."
Says Lee Leffingwell has been mayor of Austin, Texas "for about as long as Sarah Palin was governor of Alaska."
Since 2008, Gwinnett County's population has grown 15 percent, while the county government staff has increased only 1 percent.
Peter Kilmartin voted for the 38 Studios loan guarantee and his State House job was to "twist [legislator's] arms to vote for deals like this."
Says Paul Workman "voted in the Democrat primary, supporting Democrats with his vote."
500,000 people have signed up for #Obamacare.
On hearings about automatic citizenship provision in U.S. Constitution.
Donald Trump said he was excited for the 2008 housing crash that devastated millions of American families, because he thought it would help him scoop up more real estate on the cheap.
Says Hillary Clinton's health care plan from the 1990s "had a broader provision in favor of corporate right to back out" of providing contraceptive coverage than the one created by the Hobby Lobby Supreme Court decision.
The U.S. military "is in 130 countries. We have 900 bases around the world."
The Georgia Department of Education has implemented a new policy beginning in August that states that public schools will no longer accept credits from home school entities or non-traditional education centers.
Says that in the recent year homeowners across Ohio have signed mineral rights agreements "and I understand that over a billion dollars worth of leases have been signed to date."
Says transgender residents make up "about 1-in-300 people, we're all over the place, we're your friends and your neighbors."
Says 23 percent of ninth graders in Newark will graduate with a high school diploma in four years and "we spend $100,000 on their education in those four years, more than is spent on any other set of students in the United States."
Says ICE and border patrol officers "unanimously endorsed me for president."
Says scientists predict "sometime in the future, an event that will kill … somewhere between 80 and 90 million people."
The fiscal cliff deal "increased spending."
7 million people the Congressional Budget Office says won't have health insurance coverage under the Senate health care bill "don't exist."
Texas state Reps. Dan Branch and Jim Pitts, lieutenants to House Speaker Joe Straus, “are helping Democrat Ellen Cohen against her Republican challenger, doing events with her in her district.”
During the Civil War, more than 300,000 Ohioans served in the Union Army -- more per capita than any other state.
After actions by Gov. Scott Walker and Republicans, Wisconsin "is dead broke."
The Orange County, Florida, school board "voted to make it impossible for a student to receive a grade below 50."
Says Texas unemployment is dire in various ways such as a doubling in the jobless rate during Rick Perry's governorship. Also, the Texas rate has increased faster than the national rate during Barack Obama's presidency.
While the United States has seen its unemployment rate steadily decline, New Jersey's remains nearly two percent higher than the national average and more than a point higher than Connecticut and New York.
When Mitt Romney was governor, Massachusetts ... (had) more debt per person than any other state in the country.
Says top Clinton advisers "were pressing" birther movement stories "very hard."
Everyone in this country has access to health care.
Says Jon Ossoff "doesn't even live in (his) district."
10 cents on the dollar from the Clinton Foundation goes to charitable causes.
Now we have ISIS coming over the (U.S.-Mexico) border.
In 2001 and '02 . . . we had the pension system funded at (the) 100% level in that year, and we did for two years at that point.
Last year, handguns killed 48 people in Japan, 8 in Great Britain, 34 in Switzerland, 52 in Canada, 58 in Israel, 21 in Sweden, 42 in West Germany and 10,728 in the United States.
The Clean Power Plan is something that Sen. Sanders has said he would delay implementing.
The Justice Department's Fast and Furious gun-walking program "started in the Bush administration."
President Barack Obama "said over 20 times he did not have the legal authority" to act as he did on immigration.
Hobby Lobby provided this (birth control) coverage before they decided to drop it to file suit.
Come February (2018), Americans will see their paychecks grow at the tune of saving $1,000 or more a year.
That luxury jet was over the top. I put it on eBay.
Newly Elected Republican Senators Sign Pledge to Eliminate Food Stamp Program in 2015.
The budget I managed at the Department of Education was more than $60 million.
Obama is the Senate's "most liberal."
The state and local tax deduction is a major benefit for moderate-income households because "50% of households that claim State & Local Tax deduction make under $100K."
mostly false
Rebuilding three high schools will benefit 40 percent of Portland Public School students.
Teachers were not involved in developing the Common Core State Standards.
President Barack Obama "put in place historic fuel efficiency standards for cars and trucks to lower costs at the pump and reduce dependence on foreign oil."
Democrats say Chafee wants to tax equipment that enables amputee veterans to drive
At the same time gas prices have increased, "the share of the oil market controlled by speculators has more than doubled over the past 10 years."
New Jersey's governor cut $1.6 billion from public education while handing out $2.1 billion in corporate tax breaks, more than the entire previous decade.
Says Donald Trump was "forced to file for bankruptcy not once, not twice, four times."
Under ‘Trumpcare,' domestic violence and sexual assault "could be considered pre-existing conditions."
Says the Obama administration catches and releases nonviolent illegal immigrants.
Says Donald Trump "bans disabled veterans from his high rise."
On Obama, "The press warns the 'Taxman Cometh.'"
Says President Barack Obama "already passed all these Obamacare taxes. About a dozen of them hit middle-income taxpayers."
Nobody covered the remarks of Patricia Smith, the mother of a Benghazi victim, "live, but almost everybody covered Khizr Khan's, Mr. Khan's remarks live."
Says Shaquille O'Neal said Donald Trump "is possibly the best president."
It was found unconstitutional to drug test elected officials because it prevents us, as citizens, from having that First Amendment right.
When Mitt Romney was governor, Massachusetts lost 40,000 manufacturing jobs, a rate twice the national average.
Says the state share of Texas public education spending increased 82 percent over the past decade, reaching $20 billion in 2009.
Nearly all of the top 50 prescribers of oxycodone in the United States are in Florida.
By eliminating the public intervenor's office, "I was the first one to fire Kathleen Falk."
Over 80 percent of the people want the shot to vote on whether to approve same-sex marriage, according to polls.
The majority of Americans now doubt that our children will have a better future.
Says she's never said "don't build" Texas 45 Southwest.
Onion Creek's highest flow rate on a recent night of flooding "was 120,000 cubic feet per second, which is nearly double the average flow rate of Niagara Falls."
Says Abraham Lincoln supported an agreement that allowed slavery in New Mexico "and a law to return runaway slaves to their owners."
Marijuana today is "genetically modified," with THC levels that "far surpass the marijuana" of the 1970s.
Says Gov. Rick Perry failed "to involve border sheriffs in developing plans to prevent violence in their communities."
The median income in this country has declined 10 percent in the last four years.
Connecticut has the fifth toughest gun control laws in the country, including an assault weapons ban that bans 35 different weapons.
Florida is "one of the few states that has actually had a narrowing of the achievement gap based on income, or based on race or ethnicity."
Debt has almost doubled in Austin under Gov. Perry.
Let me say that I don't think (Bernie Sanders has) had a single negative ad ever run against him.
Clayton County has employed 1,300 people over the past seven months through the Neighborhood Stabilization Program.
When it comes to what little bit of job creation was happening in Massachusetts (when Mitt Romney was governor), it was happening in the public sector at six times the rate that it was happening in the private sector.
ICE is required to fill 34,000 beds with detainees every single night and that number has only been increasing since 2009.
My administration is "well represented both racially, ethnically and gender-wise."
The Social Security trust fund … is already facing imminent bankruptcy.
Says special counsel Robert Mueller "has brought in Democrat campaign donors at a very high level" on his team of lawyers.
Because George Holding doesn't live in the congressional district he's running for, he "doesn't experience the same things that we are all experiencing."
Rhode Island is the only state where officers at state-supported [colleges] carry out their duties unarmed.
Says Milwaukee blacks have 55 percent male unemployment, 60 percent truancy, a 50 percent graduation rate, the "worst" reading scores and "lead" in infant mortality.
Took on the Olympics and turned them around
Says President Barack Obama "tax audit exposes MILLIONS in offshore accounts stolen from taxpayers."
Transgender individuals in the U.S. have a 1-in-12 chance of being murdered.
Says Sen. Sherrod Brown "voted to block American energy production and increase energy taxes."
Says Mitt Romney wants to add $2 trillion to defense budget that the military hasn't asked for.
There are tens of thousands of homes right here in California where you turn on the faucet but you can't drink the water.
Barack Obama is in an economy that's only worsened since he's been president of the United States.
Today in America, we have more people in jail than any other country on Earth.
When we moved into the White House, we had the lowest net worth of any family since Harry Truman.
Government orders South African firm "to lay off 3,389 white employees."
Says Texas colleges and universities may opt to allow guns on campuses.
We admit more than 100,000 lifetime migrants from the Middle East each year.
Mitt Romney has "proposed cutting his own taxes while raising them on 18 million working families."
This is the first time in Texas history -- and only the fourth time in United States history -- that two women are running for the top spots.
Austin has "gone from being the 24th most congested city just about 10 years ago to being the fourth most congested — more congested than NYC."
The fact of the matter is that my colleague from New York, Senator Clinton, there are 50 percent of the American public that say they're not going to vote for her.
Says David Rivera "allowed House Republican leaders to strip key provisions from the STOCK Act" that would crack down on insider trading by members of Congress.
Barack Obama will "raise Social Security taxes."
While many urban areas across the country saw a sharp increase in crime over the last year, the Philadelphia Police Department successfully lowered part one crimes.
Says people in Africa "literally walk two and three hundred miles" in order to vote.
Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison's "concession speech came with less than 20 percent of the precincts having been counted.”
Says Terry McAuliffe "opposes" Virginia's right-to-work law.
Believe it or not, consumer spending is up over the last eight months.
The fastest-growing part of the Pentagon's budget are health care expenses.
Texas would have to increase current state spending by 28 percent just to reach the national average for spending per resident.
There have been some estimates that if you deported everybody who is in Texas illegally, it "would create an economic recession for the state."
Human meat found in McDonald's meat factory
Newt Gingrich "was fined $300,000 for ethics violations."
The costs of cancer and all affiliated issues are over $20 billion a year to this state.
The House tax bill has "a lot more permanent relief for middle-income and even lower-income families" than the Senate bill does.
I released way more (tax) information than Bruce Rauner has.
It happened under Obama, and it was lauded by the media as being genius. And now under the Trump campaign — it's the Cambridge Analytica scandal.
Ten percent of violent deaths in the U.S. each year are due to strangulation.
Says the Annie's List political group supports third-trimester abortions on demand.
Says Gerald Daugherty advocated lowering the penalty for crimes like strangulation in domestic violence cases because "they just ‘throw more people into the'" jail "‘system."
Repealing the Affordable Care Act — and with it, Ohio's Medicaid expansion — could cost Ohio more than 81,000 jobs, jeopardize nearly 1 million Ohioans' health care coverage, and leave more than 220,000 Ohioans with mental illness or substance use disorders without insurance.
Germany owes ... vast sums of money to NATO & the United States must be paid more for the powerful, and very expensive, defense it provides to Germany!
On a cap-and-trade plan.
Connie Mack's "only real job in the real world" was as "‘events coordinator' for Hooters!"
Very little of (the defense) budget — less than 10 percent — actually goes into fighting ISIS and international terrorism.
Those who fail to buy health insurance under "Obamacare" face the threat of jail time.
Voter turnout for some groups in the 2008 presidential general election in Georgia "was far greater than it should have been demographically."
Says Chris Abele, opponent in Milwaukee County executive race, "failed to finish 3 separate colleges, dropping out all 3 times."
In April 1997, there was a ‘gas out' conducted nationwide in protest of gas prices. Gasoline prices dropped 30 cents a gallon overnight.
Just in the past 10 years, college tuition has increased 28 percent.
There comes a point in the last year of the president, especially in their second term, where you stop nominating both Supreme Court justices and Court of Appeals judges.
Says David Dewhurst skipped nine candidate forums after announcing his U.S. Senate candidacy.
There was a report that came out from the FBI – a warning, not a report ... saying that, in fact, al-Qaida was planning to attack malls during the Christmas holidays.
Nearly 20% of our residents are born abroad.
Says Paul Ryan "is still endorsing Trump."
Jeb Bush recently noted, Reagan himself would have been too moderate, too reasonable for today's GOP.
Wealthy taxpayers, not middle-income earners, get "most of the deductions" in the tax code.
Says Kay Hagan "supports waivers for friends of Obama and special treatment for Congress and their staffs."
This year, the federal government will have more revenue than any year in the history of our country.
Three out of the 18 benchmarks of the (GAO) have been fulfilled. Even among Republican math, that is a failing grade.
We spend more on health care than any other country, but we're ranked 47th in life expectancy and 43rd in child mortality.
Young women, "account for a shocking 74% of all new HIV infections among adolescents in Africa."
Says New Jersey has fewer jobs since Gov. Chris Christie took office.
Chris Christie has not been "effective at creating jobs … (or have) a record of governing for effectiveness. ... New Jersey (has) one of the higher unemployment rates in the country at 9.4 percent."
Says the estate tax, "in many cases," forces family farmers and small businesses owners to sell their holdings.
Says Hillary Clinton called the Trans-Pacific Partnership "the gold standard. You called it the gold standard of trade deals. You said it's the finest deal you've ever seen."
The pipe bomb suspect's van was staged.
Says Rick Scott called education not a "core function" of the state.
There are places in America that are among the most dangerous in the world. You go to places like Oakland. Or Ferguson. The crime numbers are worse. Seriously.
The debt limit deal "allows President Obama to borrow unlimited amounts of money."
Says personhood legislation she sponsored would not have restricted access to reproductive services and was "simply a statement that I support life."
In the past decade in New York State "more than 30 current and former state officeholders have been convicted, sanctioned or accused of wrongdoing — more than any other state."
Obamacare raised premiums by 100 percent and after that 91 percent of the people were covered, but we're all paying 100 percent more.
Despite raising taxes on the wealthy and hiking the minimum wage, Minnesota "is creating jobs at a record pace, unemployment is at a historic low, median income is skyrocketing, and (the) state has a billion-dollar surplus."
When the City and the Fairmount Park Conservancy invested $5 million in Hunting Park, crime went down 89 percent within a half mile radius of the park over the next three years.
Glen Sturtevant is "against smaller class sizes."
Says Williamson County District Attorney John Bradley reduces 36 percent of felonies to misdemeanors and hands them off to her.
You'll find blacks in almost every regiment throughout the South who fought right alongside white Southerners, during the Civil War.
The stimulus has not created one private sector job.
A Penn State University study found that "electronic cigarettes . . . are far less addictive than cigarettes."
On whether he would vote for the budget proposed by Rep. Paul Ryan, R-Wis.
On support for Trade Promotion Authority, called fast-track
In the 513 days between Trayvon dying, and today's verdict, 11,106 African-Americans have been murdered by other African-Americans.
Dolphins are rapists. Look it up.
In Texas, we created over 1 million new jobs while the rest of the nation lost over 2 million.
Says Mitt Romney asked for a waiver from federal welfare rules.
When this campaign began, I said that we've got to end the starvation minimum wage of $7.25, raise it to $15. Secretary Clinton said let's raise it to $12.
Pre-K has gone down since the current mayor took office.
Says "our indicted Attorney General Ken Paxton is back to being the only statewide official in the country under indictment."
Senator Chris Dodd, chairman of the Senate Banking Committee, placed an amendment in the ‘stimulus' bill that allowed for banks bailed out with taxpayer money — including AIG — to hand out huge bonuses.
We know from ... the federal data, that they only stop or apprehend one out of four illegal people crossing our border.
Says Ohio budget item later signed into law by Gov. John Kasich requires women seeking an abortion to undergo a "mandatory vaginal probe."
Georgia public sector employees do not have a say in the conditions of their employment, do not have bargaining rights or a say in their working conditions.
Under Mayor Tom Barrett, the number of Milwaukee police officers "has not increased."
Barack Obama, right now, No. 1, over seven years has dramatically degraded our military.
In his book, (Ken) Cuccinelli questions whether Medicare and Social Security should exist.
The Ukraine Orange Revolution in 2004 "was the first color revolution."
A proposed San Antonio ordinance will allow men into women's restrooms in the city.
Says Whoopi Goldberg said the widow of a Navy SEAL was "looking for attention."
Californians consume 40 percent less energy per person than the national average
The Senate has not passed a budget in more than three years, not a good budget, not a bad budget, no budget.
Dwayne 'The Rock' (Johnson) Has Officially Filed For The 2020 Presidential Campaign
The vast majority of minimum wage workers get a raise within a year.
Did you know Wisconsin's AFSCME union has lost 50%+ of its members since no longer requiring membership?
The Northwest Corridor highway project in Cobb and Cherokee counties "is expected to create over 9,700 jobs statewide."
Obama's Clean Power Plan ... eliminates coal-fired power plants.
Florida ranks first in the nation for access to free prekindergarten.
We had a debate on whether ‘ObamaCare' was the way to go to fix up health care and the American voters said no -- emphatically.
Says Tom Perriello voted "to give tax breaks to foreign companies creating jobs in China."
Arizona schools rank 45th in the nation, dead last in funding per student.
Measures taken by my administration "have saved taxpayers $1 billion."
Says Vice President Joe Biden "admits that the American people are being scammed" with the economic stimulus package.
Property taxes "are now 18% higher than when (Mark Sharpe) first took office."
Says that "Susan Rice, the president's national security adviser, has already conceded that Iran will have a robust uranium enrichment capability."
I supported (the surge), I argued for it. I'm the only one on this stage that did.
Navy destroyer strikes a building in downtown Houston.
As governor of Arkansas, I cut taxes and fees almost 100 times, saving the taxpayers almost $380-million. I left a surplus of nearly $850-million.
Says Rick Perry of Texas was "the governor who relied most on stimulus funds to close his state's budget deficit in 2010."
Under the Obama administration's bailout of General Motors, Ohio dealerships were forced to close.
Kendrick Meek claims he's the only candidate who said Sonia Sotomayor "will make an excellent Supreme Court justice."
A few weeks ago Obama took Hamas and Iran OFF the terror list.
There are no background checks on long guns (AR15s) in Texas.
Residents could have received nearly $48M for Local Schools, Fire District, Sheriff's Dept. and Social Services.
Residential property taxes [in Providence] are up nearly 27 percent under Mayor Taveras.
Private prisons do not chase escaped inmates past the perimeter like the public prisons do, which means more escaped prisoners in our communities.
ColoradoCare would have higher revenues than McDonald's.
Every major study that has been done by a legitimate group ... shows that there are hundreds of thousands of jobs to be created if you pass our (cap-and-trade) legislation. And if you wind up pricing carbon.
In order to sell insurance in Florida there are over 40 separate individual conditions that must be covered. ... far beyond the essential health benefits included in Obamacare.
We had people that were getting killed (in Benghazi), we had people who are willing to risk their lives to go save them, and somebody told them to stand down.
Says Donald Trump "has said he wants to be neutral on Israel and the Palestinians"
Says if a Florida bill (HB 697) punishing sanctuary cities becomes law "it will be the only law of its kind in the nation."
Wholly domestic communication between you and your wife can go to New York to London and back and get caught up in the (NSA) database.
Says Florida Gov. Rick Scott "subtracted $1.3 billion from public schools."
In 1790, the first Congress, which was packed with framers, required all ship owners to provide medical insurance for seamen; in 1798, Congress also required seamen to buy hospital insurance for themselves. In 1792, Congress enacted a law mandating that all able-bodied citizens obtain a firearm.
How many concerts would Taylor Swift have to perform to pay off one day of interest on our national debt? She would have to perform every day for three years.
What we said was, you can keep (your plan) if it hasn't changed since the law passed.
Fox News Sandra Smith: ‘Everybody could see from the United Airlines passenger's behavior that he was not a genuine American.' 
Corporate taxes will soon be the highest in the industrialized world.
Says "(President) Reagan's second inaugural was moved inside the Capitol. It was. Because of a terrible snowstorm."
Bowe Bergdahl wanders off during court-martial
Democrats have now become the party of the [Atlanta] metro area and of blacks.
Says after Hillary Clinton helped a man accused of raping a 12-year-old, "she's seen laughing on two separate occasions, laughing at the girl who was raped."
Federal stimulus money went to a Georgia Tech project that will "apparently involve the professor jamming with 'world-renowned musicians' to 'hopefully also create satisfying works of art.'"
Says they said "it was impossible to balance a budget at the same time, with an $11 billion deficit" and "we did it."
California wildfires are being magnified & made so much worse by the bad environmental laws which aren't allowing massive amount of readily available water to be properly utilized. It is being diverted into the Pacific Ocean.
Our small staff of 51 is still fewer than we had a decade ago, yet our caseload -- like that of other courts -- has grown.
American colleges amount to a "cartel."
Says state Rep. Diana Maldonado of Round Rock uses Craigslist to hire campaign block walkers.
Says the Austin City Council "may give $4 million a year to subsidize a race track."
Al-Qaida has grown fourfold in five years.
Oregon today has 100,000 more jobs than it did when I was elected.
Says Paul Ryan "voted for two wars that were unpaid for, voted for the Bush tax cuts that were unpaid for, voted for the prescription drug bill that cost as much as my health care bill -- but wasn't paid for."
Says Reps. Rush Holt, Frank Pallone and Bill Pascrell are "willing to jeopardize seniors' access to coverage by gutting $741 billion from Medicare" to pay for a "big-government healthcare takeover."
The Affordable Care Act is "a major reason why we've seen 50,000 fewer preventable patient deaths in hospitals."
Says a Congressional Budget Office report found low-income seniors in Florida will face "800 percent premium increases" under the American Health Care Act.
Under Republican economic policies, "the typical American family saw their incomes fall by about 6 percent."
Charlie Crist broke the quarter "record for fundraising in a U.S. Senate race in Florida."
Says Warren Buffett has publicly said his secretary "should not be paying a higher tax rate" than him.
The Congressional Budget Office "has already doubled its estimate for the cost (of Obamacare) so far from roughly $800 billion to $1.7 trillion."
A "regulatory thing" means you can't show someone drinking beer on camera.
Could I just point out that ... I seem to get the first question all the time?
Americans increasingly want (the Affordable Care Act) to be repealed.
The U.S. Department of Homeland Security warned that the SAVE "database is not a foolproof means of verifying (citizenship on) the voter rolls."
Says the Senate Intelligence Committee has held 10 public hearings this year, "more than double that held by the committee in any recent year."
President Barack Obama "had the legal authority" to strike Syria without a vote from Congress.
In the African-American community today, 68 percent of kids born are born out of wedlock.
A report by the health insurance industry "ignores some of the key policies that are part of the Senate Finance Committee bill."
Says of Georgia, "for four years in a row, we are the No. 1 state to do business in."
To abide by Environmental Protection Agency rules when mining or drilling you have "to take caution not to disturb bodies of water barely bigger than a puddle."
Electoral College elector commits suicide to avoid voting for Donald Trump.
The "working tax cut" created "over 40,000 new jobs in just the last four years."
In this country … we have more natural gas than Saudi Arabia has oil.
Says that each year, about 25,000 American women become pregnant through rape or incest.
It's coming. Nobody can stop this train.
Says the "Pope calls for world wide gun confiscation except for the UN"
There were "63 murders this weekend" in Chicago and Mayor Rahm Emanuel's legacy is "more murders in his city than ever before."
Somebody observed this week that you have to go back to the very founding of the government to the first administration of George Washington to find a time when it's taken longer to put a Cabinet in place.
$50,000. That's what every child owes today because Washington politicians have run up a huge spending tab and left our kids the bill."
Says a pro-Democratic ad is "false" for saying that he allowed two disgraced staffers in 2012 to "resign."
Says Tom Cotton "voted against preparing America for pandemics like Ebola."
Every president since Franklin Delano Roosevelt has had fast-track trade authority.
One. That's the number of new drilling permits under the Obama administration since they came into office.
Says "out of 588 school districts, we give 31 (former Abbott) districts 70 percent of the aid."
CNN's ratings are "way down."
Says Ann Kuster said the debate over America's debt limit is not an important issue of the day.
Here in California, Donald Trump has given $12,000 to Jerry Brown, Gavin Newsom and Kamala Harris.
Says potential Democratic opponent Mary Burke "implemented the policies of Jim Doyle. Those are the policies that, in his last term, saw the state lose more than 133,000 jobs."
Says Sen. Luther Olsen, his recall opponent, supported the sale of state-owned power plants "not to the highest bidder, but to the biggest donors" with no oversight.
New Jersey has "the highest property taxes in the nation and not by a little. They are the highest property taxes in the nation, more than double the national average."
Says Mark Udall "decided Obamacare. ... He passed Obamacare with his vote."
Says Hillary Clinton "wants to raise taxes on African-American owned businesses to as much as nearly 50 percent more than they're paying now."
Says Mitt Romney would deny gay people the right to adopt children.
When you have 8,000 veterans a year committing suicide, then you have a serious problem.
Pregnant women who stand for five to six hours at a time increase their risk of pre-term pregnancy by 80 percent.
Says "James Comey Has Been Having An Affair With" Debbie Wasserman Schultz.
Semi-automatic weapons, whether pistol or rifle, were designed for use by the military on the battlefield.
Western Europeans "can fly in the United States without even having a visa."
Says he created more than 500 American jobs.
Sarah Palin "has had 12 years of elected office experience."
Says Bill White is for gay marriage.
Congress Approves Bill Offering Free Cars To Welfare Recipients.
Says a "rather extraordinary amount of non-classroom employees" were added by Texas school districts over the last decade.
Says Hillary Clinton "couldn't bring herself to say we need to separate commercial banking and speculative banking, namely reinstating Glass-Steagall."
Says he's proposed "the largest employer contribution to the Virginia Retirement System in history."
On whether the government should bail out insurance giant AIG.
I've won awards on environmental protection.
Says Hillary Clinton "went toe-to-toe with Russia as secretary of state to do the New START agreement to reduce Russia's nuclear stockpile."
Republicans are now "taking credit" for provisions of the health care bill "that they had tried to derail."
AARP is "the largest reseller of insurance in the country" and "has a vested interest in seeing that the market for reselling supplemental insurance expands."
Says Obama replaced the American flag on the tail of his plane with his campaign logo.
Rick Boucher "helped write" the cap-and-trade bill
Since the president became the president, we have lost 3.3 million jobs in the private sector. But you know who's done OK and who's not complaining today? The public sector. We've gained 590,000 public sector jobs.
Last week the Blue Chip Economic Indicators came out that surveys lots of private forecasters. Almost all of them are predicting a turnaround in the third quarter and positive growth in the fourth quarter.
The New England Journal of Medicine released a survey the week that President Obama signed Obamacare stating that over 30 percent of American physicians would leave the profession if the government took over health care.
Says that Minnesota Democratic congressional candidate Dean Phillips doesn't offer health insurance for his employees.
Says a 79-year-old woman with AK-47 rescued two LAPD officers from a street gang.
After Fahrenheit 9/11 came out, "Bush's approval rating never was better, it only got worse."
Pam Bondi told a group of lobbyists she'll side with corporate special interests as attorney general.
Says Mitt Romney's housing policy is, "Don't try and stop the foreclosure process. Let it run its course and hit the bottom."
BREAKING: Sheriff Joe Arpaio will take over (John) McCain's seat in the Senate.
Exposure to the electromagnetic fields from power lines "has been associated with childhood leukemia and other diseases."
Says "one in four women and one in seven men have been victims of domestic violence in their lifetime."
Says President Barack Obama "doubled the national debt, which had taken more than two centuries to accumulate, in one year."
This year, a majority of states are seeing premiums and costs double under Obamacare.
Says New York has ‘bureaucrats telling you whether you can even drink a Big Gulp.'
Each vegan spares more than 100 animals every year.
Says Oregon is "near the top or at the top of the list" when it comes to capital gains tax
GOP candidate for governor Nathan Deal "is a former Clinton Democrat."
Obama used to be a lawyer for ACORN.
Rauner made you pay for abortions in all nine months of pregnancy.
Says he will pursue change in federal law to protect employees from "extortion from a union" because "the Supreme Court has ruled that federal prohibitions outlawing extortion usually do not apply to unions."
Opioid crisis (is) the worst in ObamaCare expansion states!
In 2011, there were more than 28,000 new Tennessee jobs created and over $4 billion in capital investment. Our Jobs4TN plan is working.
Says that at a campaign rally President Barack Obama "spent so much time screaming at a protester, and frankly it was a disgrace."
Al Sharpton went to Ferguson, Mo., and is "declaring as a matter of fact that ... Michael Brown didn't use any deadly force or posed no deadly threat to the officer."
Austin's Pease Elementary "is a school that was created as part of the Texas Constitution."
Property taxes have increased 20 percent under four years of Chris Christie.
The Border Patrol has 20,000 agents – more than twice as many as there were in 2004.
It's important to pay attention to the Russian spy drama, but let's not ignore the fact that the following (10) bills have been introduced in the House.
Says Rep. Jim Renacci was "trying to leave town for the holidays without extending your payroll tax cut."
If you're born poor, you're more likely to stay poor than any time in American history.
In states where the federal government helps run these (health care) marketplaces, the average American will have more than 50 different plans to choose from, with different levels of coverage.
All (Maryland) crabs are born in Virginia.
Every day, oil continues to pour into the Gulf of Mexico. ... Even with disaster on our coast..., Richard Burr voted to let big oil off the hook.
Even "though men comprise 49% of the population, they hold 80% of the lawmaking power in the Legislature (144 of 181 seats)."
Women of childbearing age spend 68 percent more in out-of-pocket health care costs than men.
There was "serious voter fraud" in New Hampshire.
Says Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh's opinion that a president "may decline to enforce a statute . . . when the president deems the statute unconstitutional" is "contrary to 200 years of Supreme Court precedent."
Evangelical leader says those who oppose Trump could be ‘punished' with gay child.
There are polls showing right now that the American people for the most part think it's a bad idea to provide tax cuts to the wealthy.
The CBO, the Congressional Budget Office has said that Obamacare will kill 800,000 jobs.
Raising taxes on investment income has actually lowered the revenue received from the tax, while cutting capital gains tax rates has increased revenue.
I wake up every morning in a house (the White House) that was built by slaves.
Says former state Sen. Kelli Ward "wanted to ban our intelligence agencies from operating in Arizona."
In New York City, "an entry level janitor gets paid twice as much as an entry level teacher."
Says Illinois Democrat David Gill "would end Medicare."
Rooting for the Red Sox is like rooting for the drug companies.
John McCain "is one of the few senators of either party who oppose this bill (to expand education aid for veterans) because he thinks it's too generous."
One person, Kathleen Sebelius, was going to determine whether or not 10-year-old lung patient Sarah Murnaghan would live or die.
According to an article in the Economist magazine, Americans are "guaranteed" to live above the poverty line if they graduate from high school, keep their first job for over a year and get and stay married.
On the economic troubles of 2008, "really the match that lit this fire was Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac."
If West Virginia had voted for our Democratic nominee in 2000 and 2004, we wouldn't have had to put up with George Bush for the last 7 years.
Dave Aronberg's career legal experience is "less than two years as Asst. AG/private attorney."
So far, the Recovery Act is responsible for the jobs of about 2 million Americans who would otherwise be unemployed. ... [And] the Recovery Act is on track to save or create another 1.5 million jobs in 2010.
In 2016, when Hillary Clinton appeared to have a firm lead in the polls — oh, just before the election, it was President Obama who laughed off any notion that American elections could possibly be tampered with.
If we manufactured 5-million of these 2.5-meg windmills across the country, we could electrify the entire nation — the entire nation.
Under "his own legislation," Donald Trump's "own family would not have been allowed into the country."
We have the second highest corporate tax rate among our trading partners.
Matt Patten kicked off his dirty campaign with thousands in dirty cash from guess who? (Frank) Russo and (Jimmy) Dimora.
Richard Cordray wants to raise your taxes by reversing President Trump's tax reform.
I led the fight to require the Coast Guard to buy their engines from us, not foreign companies.
Says he has "been able to attract independents and Democrats to win" elections in Pennsylvania.
I am the only candidate who ran in either the Democratic or the Republican primary who said from the very beginning (that) I will not raise taxes on the middle class.
Missouri is one of "13 states this year have seen unemployment drop to the lowest levels in the history of their state."
In the last seven years of my tenure, Texas created 1.5 million new jobs. As a matter of fact, without Texas, America would have lost 400,000 jobs.
We essentially repealed Obamacare because we got rid of the individual mandate ... and that was a primary source of funding of Obamacare.
Says Indiana Gov. Mike Pence "denies that there's such a thing as evolution."
Just 400 Americans -- 400 -- have more wealth than half of all Americans combined.
Under Gov. Scott Walker's proposals, "Money is being taken away from workers, and the tax breaks given to major corporations. "
I'm the only candidate for Milwaukee County executive that has voted against increasing government pensions.
Says he "turned down a Medicaid expansion under Obamacare," but because of actions he took, for the first time in Wisconsin's history "everyone living in poverty is covered under Medicaid."
Forty percent of illegal immigrants are "people coming legally on visas and overstaying their visas."
If [Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed] wants to be like Bull Connor, then so be it.
Says Jennifer Horn, chairwoman of the N.H. Republican Party, owes $92,000 in back taxes.
A Republican budget proposal "would have Wisconsin have the weakest standards for who can be a teacher in the classroom in the country."
Says Ken Cuccinelli "attacked churches for helping the poor."
While 38 percent of (firearms) dealers that were inspected in 2011 were noncompliant with federal law, only 0.05 percent of inspected dealers had their licenses revoked.
Says Gov. Scott Walker has dropped Wisconsin "to 45th in the nation in job growth prospects while campaigning for president out of state."
Says Tom Cotton "voted to turn Medicare into a voucher system."
Says CIA Director George Tenet told the Bush administration that the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attack "was coming. So they did have advanced notice."
The FBI is involved in an investigation about people in the Rio Grande Valley who are using cocaine to buy votes.
Says most Texas schools spend 45 out of 180 school days in mandated testing.
States with voter ID laws have seen "zero decrease" in participation. "Most have seen an increase."
Hank Johnson voted against legislation to help "first responders, teachers, vets and troops."
And it's going to be difficult for us to do this as long as we're spending $275 million a day on a war that should have never been authorized...
Says Mitt Romney has put forward a plan "that would cut taxes for millionaires while raising them for the middle class."
In 2010, uninsured voters made up "about 5 percent of the electorate."
Kurt Russell said that celebrities shouldn't "get political" when it comes to Donald Trump.
U.S. Sen. Johnny Isakson "has never proposed, nor voted in favor of, a substantial cut in federal spending" and has voted for "many substantial increases in federal spending."
Pres. Obama's finance team is recommending a . . . 1% tax on all transactions at any financial institution.
Barnes opposed the creation of the HOPE Scholarship and campaigned against Zell Miller on the issue.
Any government-run 'public' plan ... forces more employers to drop employee coverage due to rising costs and pay an additional 8% payroll tax for each worker.
Social Security ... is solid through about 2040 without any changes whatsoever.
That Kurt Russell said President Donald Trump is "relentless," "dedicated," "determined" and "courageous" and "stands there in the face of pure evil, rock solid & ready to fight for us. God bless this brave man."
Says CNN's Anderson Cooper stood in a ditch during Hurricane Florence to exaggerate water levels.
The University of Texas is starting "the first medical school at a major Tier One" university "in the last 50 years."
The Atlanta area's water planning district "is now the national leader in conservation."
Mitt Romney says the next president doesn't need foreign policy experience.
There's talk in Congress now about basically confiscating your private 401(k) or IRA plan and rolling it into Social Security to strengthen Social Security.
For the last 10 years, our economy has grown at less than 2 percent on average every single year for 10 years. We have not had a decade like that in a century in America.
If you look at our tax mix, the share of corporate revenues as a percentage of our overall revenue mix has declined by about half over the last 30 years.
California has "the same water infrastructure from when we were 16 million people."
Regime change (in Iraq) took eight years
Obamacare has caused millions of full-time jobs to become part-time.
Deregulation of the state's telecommunications industry will create 50,000 jobs in Wisconsin.
If you're from Guatemala and you are found illegally in Mexico, you are automatically jailed.
Texas has more full-time state employees per capita than California and Illinois.
Wisconsin property taxes, as a percentage of personal income, "are the lowest that they've been since the end of World War II."
Obama's budget plan would "take national debt up to about 80 percent of gross national product. ... Historically, it's been about 40 percent."
There is no evidence that poor people abuse drugs more frequently than any other socio-economic group.
We've just now given over $100 billion to Iran, "the equivalent in U.S. terms is $5 trillion."
Obama has "racked up more debt than any president in history — over $5 trillion."
According to David Cay Johnston, "the average American pays about 22 percent of their income to federal taxes. The richest 400 Americans … pay about 16 percent of their income to federal taxes."
University of Wisconsin System's reserves are in the "mid- to low-range" of comparable university systems.
Says Russ Feingold broke his 1992 promise to always get the majority of funding from Wisconsin residents.
A hundred percent of all the jobs lost during the recession have been reclaimed in Texas … while the nation is at about 36 percent.
18 percent of our land in our state right now is either federally, state or county owned for conservation purposes.
Says "in Oregon today, the average debt upon college graduation is more than $24,000."
On an earmark moratorium.
Says the health care law rations care, like systems in Canada and Great Britain.
The average age a child is trafficked into the commercial sex trade industry is between 11 and 14 years old.
Members of Congress "specifically exempted themselves from many of the laws they have passed, such as being exempt from any fear of prosecution for sexual harassment" ... (and) from the healthcare reform."
Suicide comes from federal government largesse "saying you are not worth anything but you are going to get something for nothing."
mostly false
Says Sean Hannity told listeners of his radio show that "Beto O'Rourke is asking for help in getting undocumented to vote."
Says Tim Burns and Rebecca Dallet "have openly criticized laws signed by Governor Walker that they disagree with and are campaigning as activists who will implement their policies from the bench."
Joe Biden is the only candidate with a plan to get us out of Iraq and keep us out.
In 1968 "the average corporate CEO made 20 times the average worker's pay. Today that multiple is about 350."
We have one charter school that for seven years has been rated unacceptable.
Says Texas economy is about 30 percent larger than Australia's.
I have now put out all of my emails.
The hole in the earth that's going to be dug (for the proposed Gogebic mine) is bigger than my entire district.
Our government right now. . . (is) spending 40 percent more than what we take in.
The Obama administration has cut taxes on small businesses 17 times.
Says "the money is in the budget" to give a tax break to "everyone," including people making more than $1 million.
The top 1 percent pay 45 percent of all taxes in the country.
Says Julie Parrish wants to add a sales tax to everything we need to buy including food, clothing, medicine and school supplies.
46 percent of women between the age of 16 to 24 despise sexual contact in Japan.
The Railroad Commission of Texas has nothing to do with railroads.
Says that Sarah Palin and Craig Huey "would ban a woman's right to choose in every case"
Dave Brat "worked on Democrat Gov. Tim Kaine's Council of Economic Advisors while Kaine tried to raise our taxes by over $1 billion."
America is one of the highest-taxed nations in the world.
Says Marco Rubio "voted against the bipartisan Violence Against Women Act."
The new beverage tax will increase the cost of sodas, juice drinks, sports drinks, iced teas, and flavored water up to 50%.
The Libyan people have voted twice in free and fair elections for the kind of leadership they want.
Says British voters "under 50, especially millennials, overwhelmingly voted to stay," in the European Union. "It was older voters who voted to leave."
Says U.S. Sen. Ron Johnson "threatens citizens with arrest if they continue asking for a town hall."
Obama's stimulus, passed in his first month in office, will cost more than the entire Iraq War.
I'll tell you what I can tell this country: If they want a president who doesn't believe in God, there's probably plenty of choices.
While on FAKE NEWS @CNN, Bernie Sanders was cut off for using the term fake news to describe the network. They said technical difficulties!
We spend a staggering amount of money on health care — over $2-trillion and almost twice as much as any other country per person.
I have returned money every year since taking office.
Says President Franklin Delano Roosevelt sent his advisers to study socialism with Soviet dictator Josef Stalin so the president could replicate it in the United States.
Geithner's failure to pay self-employment taxes while working for the IMF "is a mistake that is commonly made for people who are working internationally or for international institutions."
It begins: California appoints first illegal alien to state office.
Wisconsin's concealed-carry permit rules demand more proof than other states that safety training requirements are met, rendering "all existing (training) certificates insufficient" as part of the permit application
Sherrod Brown "gave huge bonuses to executives."
Says "PPS employees have paid their own PERS contributions for many years."
Says Texas ranks 44th nationally in education funding per pupil.
The insurance companies are making that choice (to cancel or change policies), not the president.
Sen. McCain says it was not a mistake to vote against the Bush tax cuts ... but now says the tax cuts need to be made permanent.
Expanding Medicaid would create 63k jobs.
The salaries of Wisconsin's best-educated public school teachers were "slashed" by Gov. Scott Walker through a recent administrative rule change.
The KKK was founded as the military arm of the Democratic Party.
Cincinnati is already one of the biggest cities in the country to run 100 percent on clean energy.
Probably one out of every two households in Oklahoma has a gun.
He voted twice for a budget resolution that increases the taxes on individuals making $42,000 a year.
New regulation requires motorcycle owners to install 75 MPH governor by January 2017
Ronald Reagan's philosophy of "peace through strength" is why "the Iranians released the hostages on the same day and at the same hour that Reagan was sworn in."
Mr. Caprio is a career politician who has never worked in the private sector.
Says President Obama has cracked down "on employers who are attracting undocumented immigrants and hiring them more than any previous president."
President Barack Obama has "weakened the respect for America abroad."
Says the new Dodd-Frank financial law requires a 20 percent down payment to buy a house.
The tax penalty that the government imposes if you don't buy health insurance "is lower than it would have cost to buy insurance."
Says Sen. Rob Portman said, "It would be irresponsible not to cut Medicare."
Ohio is not meeting its obligation to update voter registrations when voters change their address with the BMV.
Says Hillary Clinton "was asked repeatedly to provide security in Benghazi on several occasions, including direct cables."
Says Texas ranks first in executions among the states.
Wisconsin's driver licenses and identification (ID) cards are currently the most secure in the nation.
Says private-sector job growth in 2011 "places New Jersey in the top third among all of the states."
The Republican tax reform proposal is focused on tax breaks for the middle class "and not about people who are really high-income earners getting a tax break."
Greg Abbott "heads up a party whose platform calls for the repeal of the Voting Rights Act."
The proposed excise tax on "Cadillac" health plans will hit "those making less than $200,000" the hardest.
The Obama administration is "proposing to mine another 10 billion tons of Wyoming coal, which would unleash three times more carbon pollution than Obama's Clean Power Plan would even save through 2030."
It's commercial vehicles, 18 wheelers and above … that cause 90 plus percent of the damages on our highways and bridges.
We caught (the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality) lying to us about the results of air quality studies in the Barnett Shale.
The IRS is already planning on 19,500 new employees to administer Obama's health care mandate.
Says Milwaukee County Executive Chris Abele "once proposed a plan to end county funding to homeless shelters."
Says gubernatorial recall candidate Tom Barrett supported passage of Gov. Scott Walker's bill stripping collective bargaining of state employees.
Says Tennessee is providing "millions of dollars" to virtual school company for "results at the bottom of the bottom."
Justice John Roberts Signed Off On Obama's Arrest For Treason.
In Georgia, Perdue's company closed plants and moved jobs to China.
There is no state in the U.S. where a 40-hour minimum wage work week is enough to afford a two-bedroom apartment.
Says under his leadership "Wisconsin median household income" is up 2.7%, while it is down 1.3% nationally under President Obama.
New Jersey has had "seven credit downgrades" since Chris Christie became governor.
Says that people "went out in their boats to watch" Hurricane Harvey.
Thirteen Democratic senators "voted against cheaper medicines" and took millions from "big pharma since 2011."
Says "Clackamas County has more urban renewal debt than all the other Oregon counties combined."
A majority of Wisconsinites opposed the government takeover of health care. But Russ Feingold voted for it anyway.
I've issued a six-month moratorium on deepwater drilling.
Faculty salaries at UW System institutions have now fallen more than 18 percent below the national average.
Says "employers are still allowed to pay people with disabilities below the minimum wage."
Said U.S. Rep. Jim Marshall, D-Macon, sent nearly $2 billion overseas to build wind turbines and create jobs, mostly in China
In 2010, Betty Sutton "voted to destroy Medicare."
According to (Barack) Obama's newest unconstitutionally enacted law, health care professionals are now required to violate HIPAA privacy laws and submit medical data to the government, which is "then used as justification for gun confiscation."
Because of Gov. Scott Walker's budgeting, a greater percentage of general fund tax dollars is "going to pay off debt than ever before in our history."
For every dollar a county gets in taxes from new development, it costs us 40 to 50 percent more to provide services.
It's costing every American who is insured $1,100 to pick up the cost of uncompensated care that goes on at the emergency room.
During three and a half years of campaigning, Lamar Smith "has never once appeared at a moderated debate to defend his positions on the issues."
Says that in the U.S. House of Representatives "we've had bipartisan support for the repeal of Obamacare … for getting rid of cap and trade … for building the Keystone Pipeline."
Says PETA "is using this really fancy drone to follow hunters around in some places in other countries."
Many presidents don't get the chance to put a Supreme Court justice on.
You are prohibited from walking into the Capitol with a gun, but you can go after the County Commission or the School Board.
Says President Barack Obama "has allowed, each year he's been here, the prosecutions of gun cases (for background check failures) to go down. ... They've declined every year since President Bush left office."
Big Oil gave Scott Brown $454,260.
The Coast Guard confiscated 200 tons of contraband, heroin, and so forth. At the border they collected 20 tons.
On Milwaukee County government's debt burden
Georgia is nearly 50 percent Democratic and (the Republican majority) diminished our voting strength to 32 percent through gerrymandered maps.
Says Texas "school systems" lose 45 days a year on testing.
People have a constitutional right to have semiautomatic rifles.
Republicans actually doctored emails between administration officials about Benghazi. Then, they released them to the press, trying to pass them off as real.
For the first time in over a decade, business leaders around the world have declared that China is no longer the world's No. 1 place to invest; America is.
ISIS didn't exist when my brother was president. Al-Qaida in Iraq was wiped out when my brother was president.
Eleven individuals who make over $30 million each got $22 million credit from Wisconsin's manufacturing and agriculture tax credit.
In just one month, the Democrats have spent more than President Bush spent in seven years on the war in Iraq, the war in Afghanistan and Hurricane Katrina combined.
There's been no conclusive or specific report to say Russia was trying to muddy the election.
Private insurance companies in this country spend between 12 and 18 percent on administration costs. The cost of administering the Medicare program, a very popular program that works well for our seniors, is 2 percent. We can save approximately $500 billion a year just in administration costs.
In one day of fundraising I received more small donor (contributions) than Andrew Cuomo received in seven years.
Del. Ben Chafin "took money away" from Southwest Virginia schools while voting to build a "politician's palace."
Over the past decade, the big five oil companies --- BP, Chevron, ConocoPhillips, ExxonMobil and Shell -- made a total profit of nearly $1 trillion.
Says Romney wrote in the first edition of his book that his health care plan should be expanded nationwide and then, "You took it out of your book."
The EPA "wants to hire 230,000 new government regulators that will cost the taxpayer $21 billion."
The federal government has "77 different means-tested social welfare programs."
Texas prosecutor Rosemary Lehmberg purchased "72 bottles of vodka in just one store alone, in just over a year."
Four percent of American citizens are black males, but they are 35 percent of murder victims.
His biography says he was the top ROTC officer in the nation.
Two of the top three (rated) public high schools in Wisconsin — Ronald Reagan College Prep and Rufus King International — are MPS schools.
House Speaker Dean Cannon says that freshmen lawmakers account for one-third of the 120-member House, and that two-thirds of the chamber have two years or less experience.
Says restoring Georgia pre-k to a 180-day program was a "real result" of his leadership.
There are 31 other states and 10,000 other cities that have the same type of policies that we just passed, referring to North Carolina's House Bill 2.
Says a Ted Cruz ad has "got me bull-dozing down a house. I never bulldozed it down. It's false advertising."
The Greenlight Pinellas transportation plan involves a "300% tax increase."
Says Senate candidate Katie McGinty "made thousands from companies she previously regulated."
Right now, an employer has more of a chance of getting hit by lightning than be prosecuted for hiring an undocumented worker. That has to change.
Says Hillary Clinton "was literally present when we pressed the reset button with Russia just a few months after Russia had invaded Georgia."
Bernie Sanders opposes the Trans-Pacific Partnership, and Hillary Clinton supports it.
Pakistan has 100 nuclear warheads and they're rushing to build a lot more. They'll have more than Great Britain sometime in the relatively near future.
Rand Paul supports Obama's negotiations with Iran.
Here in Pennsylvania, the annual cost for infant childcare is over $10,000 per child, which is more than most families pay in rent and almost the same cost as in-state college tuition.
Marijuana is less addictive than both alcohol and tobacco.
The House passed "cut, cap and balance" with "bipartisan support."
25 percent of federal inmates are noncitizens.
Glenn Hegar promised to eliminate the property tax.
Invested $90 million in traffic fixes without raising taxes.
FBI issues Warrant For Obama's Arrest After Confirming Illegal Trump Tower Wiretap.
While we were in harm's way in uniform, Kyrsten Sinema was protesting us in a pink tutu and denigrating our service.
A law enforcement officer is more likely to commit a crime than a CWP (concealed weapons permit) holder.
When the United States invaded Iraq, Saddam Hussein wanted to acquire weapons of mass destruction, and "he said so himself after his capture."
In Texas, "sexting is a felony sex offense for teenagers — that can mean up to 10 years in prison."
The Pentagon under the Obama administration has just acknowledged seizing and burning the privately owned Bibles of American soldiers serving in Afghanistan.
We've had about 3,000 murders in connection with lax border security.
There has been a "dramatic expansion of the federal workforce in recent years."
The unemployment rate is declining faster in Tampa "than almost anywhere else."
We (in Illinois) have the fifth-highest tax burden in the country.
The nine-day deer hunt contributes more than $1.3 billion in revenue to the state of Wisconsin.
Says Donald "Trump supported impeachment of President (George W.) Bush."
David Perdue "opposes laws that provide equal pay protections for women."
Says President Barack Obama has "not proposed one thing that would change" the fact that Warren Buffett pays a lower tax rate than his secretary.
(Mary) Burke was a senior member of the Doyle administration that left Wisconsin with 130,000 fewer jobs.
One man (New Castle, Del., County Executive, Chris Coons) thought property taxes should be hiked almost 50 percent.
Says Gov. Scott Walker's proposed budget "would sell off Wisconsin's state parks."
Says U.S. Senate candidate Joni Ernst signed a pledge that "protects tax breaks for companies that ship jobs overseas."
For the past eight years, Gov. Carcieri and Mrs. Carcieri would host the lighting of the State House Christmas tree.
A million people … could get health insurance right away if Texas expanded Medicaid under Obamacare.
Under the House Republican tax plan, in Wisconsin, "the median household of four gets about a $2,000 tax cut, on average."
Virtually every person across this country has seen premiums going up and up and up due to Obamacare.
Says his promise of 250,000 new private sector jobs was a "big goal."
Wind power is the most undependable form of renewable energy.
Welders are coming out of their tech schools at $28 an hour and "pipefitters are making six figures."
76 percent of doctors support the use of medical marijuana
Says that "perpetrators of domestic violence accounted for 54% of mass shootings between 2009 and 2016, according to the advocacy group Everytown for Gun Safety."
The national debt grew an estimated $15 billion last weekend.
Speaker Gingrich for 20 years supported a federal individual mandate for health insurance.
A little-known unit of the Department of Justice, the Community Relations Service, was deployed to Sanford, FL, following the Trayvon Martin shooting to help organize and manage rallies and protests against George Zimmerman.
I cast the deciding vote extending Medicaid health care coverage to 50,000 of our fellow citizens,
When I left office, there was a $7-million surplus in Providence, but in 2008, the city had a $110-million deficit.
Germany managed to increase its use of renewables and its output of carbon dioxide at the same time -- because it resorted to cheap coal to keep the lights on at a price its people could afford.
She stood by our National Guard and Reserve and kept standing till they received health care they deserved.
And the revenue generated by drilling off Virginia's coast? $40 million over 10 years.
The average student in Florida, what they actually pay out of pocket at our major universities for tuition is as much or less than what they spend on cellphones.
Marco Rubio is a "Miami lobbyist."
Over the past five years the federal government has paid out $601 million in retirement and disability benefits to deceased former federal employees.
On possibly raising the Social Security retirement age.
NASA will pay you $18,000 to stay in bed and smoke weed for 70 straight days.
Ninety-four percent of small businesses will face higher taxes under the Democrats' plan.
Bob Corker gave us the Iran Deal.
In almost every other country in the world, artists and musicians are paid when their music is played on the radio. In fact, the only countries besides the U.S. who do not have a radio-performance right are China, Iran and North Korea.
Says U.S. corporate tax rate is "highest in the world at 35 percent."
Unlike the gridlock in Washington, more than 80 percent of the bills we passed during this General Assembly had bipartisan support.
Do you know that we have pipes carrying natural gas in this country that are made of wood? I'm not joking.
Said Dianne Feinstein said "there is no collusion" between the Trump campaign and Russia.
Nevada is "still a state that is 80 percent white voters."
Because of Barack Obama 32 million new people will have healthcare.
Pelosi sinks to new low, tells Dems: if you have to lie to voters to win, do it.
One in four Texans lacks health insurance, the highest proportion in the nation.
Says John Podesta "refused to give the DNC server to the FBI and the CIA. Disgraceful!"
The House Zika bill "limits access to birth control services needed to help curb the spread of the virus" in Puerto Rico.
The Democratic leader in the Senate, Harry Reid, has blocked any vote on the Keystone pipeline for years.
There have been more than 300 mass shootings in the United States this year – more than any other country in the world.
If the debt ceiling is surpassed, our nation will not go into default as some suggest.
Says a highway was closed in El Paso because of bullets flying across the border.
Says Obama flip-flopped on banning handguns.
Says gun ownership information could be recorded and collected by the federal government and insurance companies as part of the federal health care law.
You had more women getting computer sciences degrees in the '80s by a factor of 2-plus than you do now.
Says Mitt Romney's campaign "has already spent more on negative ads than John McCain did during his entire presidential run."
There are millions of women all across the country who rely on Planned Parenthood for not just contraceptive care; they rely on it for mammograms.
Wisconsin's Government Accountability Board "wanted to consider Mickey Mouse and Adolf Hitler as valid signatures on recall petitions."
Barack Obama hasn't passed any (bills).
We have the lowest per-capita spending of any state in the nation except for South Dakota.
Philadelphia Eagles players stayed "in the Locker Room for the playing of our our National Anthem" or were "kneeling."
The federal health care law is "probably the biggest tax increase ever in the history of our country."
We're pretty much at the 50 percent mark on deportations of MS-13 gang members.
The United States ended slavery around the world, and maybe we should get some credit for that, too.
The United States of America, right now, has the strongest, most durable economy in the world.
Texas now has the second-highest high school graduation rate in the country. And it has the highest graduation rate for African Americans and Hispanics.
Singer Tina Turner: "This Thanksgiving Is The First Time in 8 Years That I am Thankful For Our President, God Bless Him And His Supporters."
Democratic Party candidates for the state Assembly "actually received 200,000 more votes statewide" than their Republican counterparts in the 2012 election
Obamacare is a "massive, massive income redistribution" with "$250 billion a year in Medicaid expansion (and) in the subsidy structure that's basically being paid for by people on Medicare, through Medicare cuts, and a lot of tax increases."
As governor, "Mitt Romney raised nursing home fees eight times."
Florida is the first state requiring drug testing to receive welfare!
Says Hillary Clinton won "health care for 8 million children."
Says "former Democrat Kelli Ward attacked President Trump's plans to crack down on illegal immigration, saying Trump was making a mistake."
Says "only one other senator from either party over the last 25 years" has "a worse record on bipartisanship" than Ted Cruz.
Claims Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg said "she prefers the South African Constitution over the United States Constitution."
Sen. Obama has never taken on his party leaders on a single major issue.
Says that Dianne Feinstein said, "When the gunman realizes that nobody else is armed, he will lay down his weapons and turn himself in…. that's just human nature."
Says Abraham Lincoln tried to buy slaves' freedom in border states, but the states "all rejected it."
Lizbeth Benacquisto's supporters "would make (abortion) illegal in all cases, including rape, incest, even to save a woman's life."
Sewer backups into basements caused the "vast majority of the damage to homes and buildings" in Milwaukee's July floods, but federal flood insurance doesn't cover them.
There are currently delays of up to six months in the processing of DNA evidence at the state run crime lab.
Hurricane Irma could be a Category 6 by the time it hits East Coast.
"If Rhode Island does a hybrid [retirement] plan we'll be the first state in the nation to do this.''	false"
Says Bill Nelson voted "98 percent of the time" with Barack Obama.
Says he "paid one dollar for" a sweater at Kohl's.
Says abortion doctors are "flying into this state, performing abortions and flying out."
Says gas costs $4.50 a gallon.
U.S. Sen. Bill Nelson was "the deciding vote for the health care law."
2 million rounds of ammo that ‘went missing' under Obama turns up in enemy hands
The CBO says that if you raise the minimum wage to $10.10 an hour, "half a million people would lose their jobs."
Pat Toomey thinks corporations shouldn't pay any taxes.
The Brady Campaign has given me a 100 percent, not 99, 100 percent rating.
I'm the only candidate for governor who's rolled out any policies so far.
The American Academy of Pediatrics "supports banning guns."
John Paul Stevens is the only Protestant on the U.S. Supreme Court.
Says food stamp growth, while high, lagged the rise in unemployment.
What (the Obama administration is) going to come out with in the next several months is you're not even going to be able to burn coal very limitedly in the existing plants.
One third of our age group (Millennials) have moved back in with their parents.
Says that 500,000 federal workers -- one-fourth of the federal workforce -- make more than $100,000 a year.
Georgia has the 9th highest rate of adults, ages 18 to 64, without a high school diploma or GED.
Says his budget plan "would cut our deficits by $4 trillion."
Inflation-adjusted defense spending has declined 21 percent since 2010, and even if we discount the drawdowns in Iraq and Afghanistan, it has still declined by a dangerous 12 percent.
Washing your hands and covering your mouth when you cough "makes a huge difference" in reducing transmission of the flu.
African Americans are twice as likely to be arrested and almost four times as likely to experience the use of force during encounters with the police.
Most countries have no debt ceiling.
Our jobless rate, our unemployment rate, is the lowest of all of the big cities in New Jersey.
To get out of the (teachers) union, you pay 85 percent of $731. Then you're out of the union, but you've got to pay it every year, also required by statute. That's called a representation fee.
The fact is, in the past year we have had more tax cuts than almost any time in our nation's history.
The failings in our civil service are encouraged by a system that makes it very difficult to fire someone even for gross misconduct.
In the United States alone we lose more than 3,000 people a day to cancer.
If lawmakers fail to avert the fiscal cliff, 18 percent of the federal money that is sent to the states will be eliminated.
President Obama has the most border patrols and border security deployed at the border of any previous president.
Hillary (Clinton) caught on tape laughing about (Hurricane) Irma ‘wiping out all of those Florida hillbillies'.
Says "50 percent of venture capital goes to California. Most of the rest of it goes to New York and Massachusetts."
For every one ESD superintendent position, we can pay for three speech pathologists, or three special needs instructors, or three classroom teachers.
Romneycare was model for Obamacare.
"Joe, I keep hearing you every morning talking about the biggest tax increase in history, but you don't mention it's also the biggest tax cut in history.''	false"
50 percent of murders in Texas have been linked to illegal aliens.
Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton have left us with $19 trillion in debt.
[A]t his current rate, President Obama will have added more debt to the United State of America by the end of his first term than each of the previous 43 presidents -- combined!
Part of his ride was to warn the British that were already there that, 'Hey, you're not going to succeed.' 
Oregonians have an "amazing no-cost way to fight abortion" with free political donations
Elena Kagan "has published five scholarly review articles, mostly on administrative law and the First Amendment. These articles were mostly on technical and procedural issues."
Says Phil Bredesen "lured illegal immigrants to Tennessee."
Says Barack Obama found out about Russia "in August. Now, the election was in November. That's a lot of time. He did nothing about it."
Oregon is the only state out of the 50 states in the USA that continues to pay 100% of the medical benefits for its employees and their families.
When Phoenix dropped its sanctuary city policy in 2008, its murder rate fell 27 percent the following year.
Says an alternative to Social Security that operates in Galveston County, Texas, has meant that participants will "retire with a whole lot more money" than under Social Security.
Eleven years ago, the city of Detroit lifted the residency requirement for police officers and today, 53 percent of officers live outside of the city. If we want the tax base of Milwaukee to resemble the tax base of Detroit, this is the way to go.
More than 60 percent of people in America support Planned Parenthood and only 11 percent approve of Congress.
Says Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor has an "immigrant family background."
Abraham Lincoln (once) jumped out of a window in the Illinois Legislature in order to deny a quorum.
Says carpet bombing means bombing "not a city, but the location of the troops," with "embedded special forces to direct the air power."
This Russia thing with Trump and Russia is a made-up story. It's an excuse by the Democrats for having lost an election that they should've won.
American families work hard to earn $4,250 a month. Obama is spending $18,972 a month on each illegal immigrant child.
How many federal rulings have NOW found intentional discrimination by #Txlege since 2011? 6.
Says that U.S. Rep. Allen West is "a constituent of mine."
It's estimated that 40 percent of all the guns that are sold in the United States occur with no background records check.
Insurance companies have seen their profits soar by more than 400 percent since 2001.
The U.S. unemployment rate has remained above 8 percent for 43 consecutive months, the longest stretch since the Great Depression.
Bill White used D.C. connections from his job in the Clinton administration to form a company that did business in the Middle East and defaulted on a $60 million loan.
As governor, I've stood up to ... the big oil companies.
Bill Nelson's vote for the Affordable Care Act "cuts $500 billion from Medicare to pay for new government programs."
Obama Makes Huge Move to BAN Social Security Recipients From Owning Guns
Says Donald Trump "has supported a Canadian-style universal health care system."
In Wisconsin, a "second arrest for carrying pot is a felony," but a second or subsequent arrest "for carrying a gun illegally is a misdemeanor."
Trump's Health Secretary Pick Wants a Medicare Phaseout by Summer 2017.
This year, the overwhelming majority of new jobs are part time.
The day President Obama took office, gasoline was $1.79 a gallon.
Says that under Mitt Romney, 89 million Americans could be denied coverage if they have a pre-existing condition.
There are corporations in this nation, some of the biggest corporations in this nation, who do not pay taxes.
As we watch the news from Colorado with horror and sympathy for the families, we should remember that each day more than 80 Americans are killed by gunfire, unnecessary tragedies.
Says Gov. Chris Christie's "poll ratings have been going up."
Says Patrick Murphy is one of "only three Democrats in the House today who voted" to create the Benghazi committee.
Says his political opponents "brought 100,000 protesters into our state."
true
$120,000 will be spent by taxpayers on Charlie Crist's political photo-op special session.
Says he's "taken an 8% pay decrease in each of the nine years he has been in office."
In Oregon, 12,808 people were arrested for marijuana-related crimes in 2012.
Says Sal Esquivel wants a 5 percent state sales tax on groceries.
Having an entirely Democrat congressional delegation in 2009, when the [federal stimulus] bill passed, increases the per capita stimulus dollars that the state receives per person by $460.
The NRA supported background checks...
Every time somebody new gets the Ebola virus, it mutates.
The debt "comes up all the time in town meetings ... but it's never asked in the debates. It's really weird. It hasn't been brought up."
Wisconsin ranks No. 2 in economic growth, according to the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia.
Half the kids coming out of college this year … can't find a job, or a job that's consistent with a college degree.
Studies show that people that are on welfare are higher users of drugs than people not on welfare.
The Iranians continue – in the view of every objective observer – continue to pursue the acquisition of nuclear weapons.
“In Rick Perry's Texas, we import nurses ... from other countries.”
Says he "sued Obama's EPA seven times."
This is the first time a party has picked up multiple seats during a regular election since the mid 1980s, making this the largest majority of any party in more than 25 years.
Almost 88,000 United States service members are still missing and unaccounted for, dating back to World War II.
Says "Mike DeWine wanted to allow insurance companies to refuse to pay for pre-existing conditions."
The entire state of Florida led the nation last year with the most prison inmates committing tax fraud.
Says Milwaukee County Executive Chris Abele "eliminated" sheriff's office funding for providing security for presidential and presidential campaign visits.
The United States has a low voter turnout rate.
In 32 other states and Washington D.C., they [voters] can avoid the wait by voting before Election Day.
Kendrick Meek was named one of the two most corrupt Democrats in Congress by Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington.
Forty percent of the Fortune 500 were started either by immigrants or children of immigrants.
Our men and women of the Guard have been forced to contact food banks to feed themselves.
No family earns too much to qualify for Oregon Healthy Kids program.
Final election 2016 numbers: Trump won the popular vote.
We now have more jobs in solar than we do in oil.
A test last month at the MAX station at 162nd Avenue and East Burnside saw crime down 41 percent compared with December 2009
Says Donald Trump "wants to keep big government in charge" of federally-owned land.
The House of Delegates budget bill "cuts $50 million from education."
Ninety percent of Texans say they do not want the nursing homes to close. It polls higher than anything else.
Heroin .. pours across our southern borders.
Of hospitals in Rick Scott's Columbia/HCA health care company, "A top executive said they even turned away a poor man and left him to die outside their door."
Omarosa Exposed: Turns out she was actually working for Hillary
Says Kelly Ayotte "stands with the Washington gun lobby. They fund her campaigns."
If Congress froze the current spending level and then cut it by 2 percent annually, "we could balance the budget in five years."
The reason 29 states no longer have a death tax "is that the tax damaged their economic competitiveness."
Says Wisconsin Supreme Court candidate JoAnne Kloppenburg "put an 80-year-old farmer in jail for refusing to plant native vegetation on his farm."
I had an uncle ... who was part of the first American troops to go into Auschwitz and liberate the concentration camps.
We're one of the only communities in the country that didn't lose population in the last census.
The U.S. is borrowing approximately $2.52 for every $1 of economic growth so far in 2012.
Nancy Pelosi suffers breakdown, taken from Capitol Hill on a stretcher.
The Democrats are "responsible" for "the swift, mindless drawdown of a military that was generations in the making."
Buck wants to privatize Social Security.
Says under the Romney-Ryan budget ... "the American Opportunity Tax Credit for college tuition would be eliminated."
Says the term "illegal alien" is "a legal term, it's in statute, it's a federal term."
There are 7,000 kids in New Hampshire who have health care because I helped to create the Children's Health Insurance Program.
Abigail Spanberger "wants a tax increase of $32 trillion - that's with a `T,' to pay for her socialist health care plan."
110 people a day move to Austin.
The DNC says McCain flip-flopped on whether the Iraq War would be easy.
Roughly 500,000 Georgians -- or about 5 percent of the state's residents -- have gone through a background check to legally obtain a Georgia weapons carry license.
McCain "said no to higher fuel-efficiency standards for cars."
Businesses "will be required to certify to the IRS – under penalty of perjury – that Obamacare was not a motivating factor" for cutting staff.
Says President Barack Obama said "that American exceptionalism is no more exceptional than the exceptionalism of any other country."
Says Rick Perry is "spending more money than the state takes in, covering his deficits with record borrowing."
Says "Did you know that if you accepted the District's proposal today you would have NO pay increase for 4 years? Seven years of frozen wages = Disrespect."
Consumer confidence, business confidence, and manufacturing confidence are the highest they have been in many decades.
Three thousand felons voted in Rhode Island in 2008.
As Tennessee governor, Phil Bredesen "supported higher taxes on us. Higher gas taxes. Higher sales taxes."
Providence has "amongst the highest tax rate(s) in the entire country."
On charging a toll for motorists to use Ga. 400 after it was slated to expire
About 30 percent of terrorists at Guantanamo Bay went back into battle. We know that a dozen or so killed Americans.
Says U.S. Rep. Sean Duffy is among seven "Tea Party freshmen" who "spent an average of $15,000 on cars for themselves."
Spending more taxpayer money on VISIT FL (or less) has not demonstrated a direct impact on tourism.
Says Michelle Obama said Florida shooting "is clearly our president's fault."
The State Department says the 42,000 jobs created by the Keystone XL pipeline are "ongoing, enduring jobs."
Says New Jersey is "losing 50 football fields of open space to development every day and the more we develop upstream the more flooding we have downstream."
The Walton family of Walmart ... This one family owns more wealth than the bottom 40 percent of the American people.
Wendy Davis is "the most popular politician in Texas."
Georgia legislation on immigration is a "copycat" of an Arizona immigration bill.
Barack Obama promises higher taxes on "the sale of your home."
Says "Joe Heck voted 10 times to defund Planned Parenthood ... and Heck opposes a woman's right to choose, even when her health is at risk."
Georgia lawmaker pushes bill banning creation of ‘glow in the dark' human-jellyfish hybrids.
Says Scott Walker cut funding to local governments in Wisconsin, contributing to the "second-largest increase in violent crime" in the Midwest.
Barack Obama said in 2004 "that he basically agreed with the way George Bush was conducting the war."
When I was born, less than 10 percent of the federal budget was entitlement spending. It's now 60 percent of the budget.
Check out the record of #jobs created by #TaxCuts 7.8 million new jobs after Bush's 2003 tax cuts 12 million new jobs after Kennedy's 1964 tax cuts 14.8 MILLION new jobs after Ronald Reagan's tax cuts in 1981.
As many as 22,000 Americans die each year because they don't have health insurance.
I had prostate cancer, five, six years ago. My chance of surviving prostate cancer, and thank God I was cured of it, in the United States, 82%. My chances of surviving prostate cancer in England, only 44% under socialized medicine.
Mitt Romney has "a pro-choice record."
Says Leah "Vukmir supports allowing people to carry concealed weapons into day care centers, churches, health care clinics and playgrounds."
There's going to be a slowdown and delays in flights as a result of the sequester.
We must deal with the here and now and assure affordable fuel for America by increasing domestic production.
We're seeing now 30 straight months of private-sector job growth, 4.6 million jobs created.
500,000 U.S. troops came home from Iraq and Afghanistan "with PTSD and traumatic brain injury."
Says Saudi Arabia, a U.S. ally, has "paid to export throughout the world" Wahhabism -- "an extreme form of Islam" that basically teaches "Americans are the devil."
It's warmer on Mars than it is in parts of the United States and Canada during the polar vortex.
Under the Republican tax reform law, "83 percent of the benefits go to the top 1 percent of individuals and large multinational corporations."
In the 1980s, the state funded 68% of school expenses, and now the state's share is 38%.
Georgia has lost 14 percent of its jobs paying more than $50,000 a year and added 15 percent to its Medicaid rolls during the recovery.
The Wisconsin unemployment rate was higher than the U.S. rate during only three months when Mary Burke was state commerce secretary.
Measles is one of the most common causes of child blindness worldwide.
Says CNN reported Ben Carson was "taking a break from campaigning" and the Cruz campaign "forwarded that news to our volunteers."
[U]nlike every other major transit system in the nation, MARTA has never received any significant, dedicated funding from the state of Georgia.
During Sherrod Brown's past decade as a D.C. politician, more than one out of every four jobs that has left America, left from Ohio. ... Sherrod Brown will own these horrendous Ohio job numbers next year.
The Obama administration has spent millions of taxpayer dollars for roadside signs to tout the economic stimulus.
A "voucher school that closed after 9 days this year collected $5.4 million in taxpayer subsidies since first opening."
We could cut unemployment in half simply by reclaiming the jobs taken by illegal workers.
The "House-passed budget proposal could cut funding for programs that help keep local neighborhoods safe, slash more than $1.7 million in anti-terror funds for Ohio."
A Wisconsin bill to limit use of food stamps for junk food would also "prevent -- or limit -- the extent to which" food stamps could be used for organic foods.
Says Secretary of State Rex Tillerson got a "government service golden parachute" payment of $180 million "from Exxon Mobil that he would have to forfeit had he taken a job elsewhere."
Any state tax law has to start in the House and the renewal of the state hospital bed tax this year started in the Senate, which is unconstitutional.
Marco Rubio "opposes extending unemployment benefits."
Says Mitt Romney has flip-flopped on abortion rights.
I helped write the Affordable Care Act.
‘TrumpCare' would allow insurance execs to personally make millions off your health care.
Update: Chuck Schumer's steamy affair with a high school cheerleader confirmed.
Says "85 percent (of immigrants) don't show up for a scheduled court hearing or call to schedule a court hearing."
Middle-class families throughout America (would) have to pay $6,000 per year to pay for tax cuts for the wealthy.
The top man at Yale Law School came out ... with just a raging report about former HP CEO Carly Fiorina, saying she is "one of the worst executives in his memory in history running the company."
Says Maryellen O'Shaughnessy "accepted campaign cash from indicted politician Jimmy Dimora."
A Florida judge ruled parts of Obamacare unconstitutional.
Barack Obama's plan calls for "mandates and fines for small businesses."
The majority of revenue generated by a proposed Kenosha casino would be sent to the Seminole tribe in Florida.
Since Barack Obama became president of the United States, 95 percent of economic gains have been made by the richest 1 percent.
The minimum number of infrastructure (needs) in Atlanta is $900 million.
The truth is David Cicilline voted for tougher laws against child abusers, domestic abusers and abusers of the elderly.
Part of this omnibus gun bill that year (was) legalizing machine guns in the state of Missouri.
The Republicans and President Donald Trump "passed a tax bill that gave 80 percent of its benefits to the top 1 percent."
Early census returns are showing that conservatives have been measurably less likely than liberals to return their census forms.
Secret Service Agent Says Obama Is Muslim & Gay In New Tell-All Book
Says Travis County Sheriff Sally Hernandez "declared that she would not detain known criminals accused of violent crimes."
There are so many loopholes ... our businesses pay effectively one of the lowest tax rates in the world.
Barack Obama is "only the second Democrat in the last 75 years to win Ohio twice with more than 50 percent of the vote."
She stood by ground zero workers who sacrificed their health after so many sacrificed their lives and kept standing till this administration took action.
The poverty rate amongst women is the worst it's been in 17 years and the extreme poverty rate is the worst it's ever been.
Wisconsin's Supreme Court justices are "deciding fewer opinions in civil and criminal cases than they used to."
Eliminating affirmative action in admissions in Florida led to "more African American and Hispanic kids attending our university system" than before.
There are many studies that indicate that the longer people get unemployment insurance, "it provides some disincentive to work."
The same federal government that offers some money for a program is walking away from another health care program.
With his proposal to cut income and property taxes, Scott Walker is "increasing the state deficit at a time when borrowing is already at record levels."
Says Conor Lamb "ran on a campaign that said very nice things about me."
Says the Congressional Budget Office "is expecting a protracted economic malaise for at least the next decade under current policies."
Says "as we sit right now, Medicare, if we do nothing, will be gone in eight years, if we do nothing to it."
2.1 million jobs have been created in the last six or seven years in California
The startup rate of Hispanic businesses is three times the national rate.
Women take birth control, more than half of them, as a medication for other conditions.
Gov. Bruce Rauner has "created no jobs over the past three years."
When mentioning Villanova's buzzer-beating win in the national championships, Hillary Clinton said: "I love those come-from-behind victories."
The decision for the United States to buy heavy water from Iran "will directly subsidize Iran's nuclear program."
Says Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein announced in February that "the Russia collusion investigation is over."
The CEO of Goldman Sachs let his employees know that he'd be just fine with either Bush or Clinton.
Daraprim is still underpriced, relative to its peers.
In the New York 9th District, "there is a large number of people who went to the polls tonight who didn't support the president to begin with and don't support Democrats -- and it's nothing more than that."
A photo from the Russia-Finland hockey game shows a sad Vladimir Putin and Dmitry Medvedev.
New business startups are at the lowest levels in 30 years.
Obamacare will question your sex life.
Dan Webster supports "privatization of Social Security, deep cuts in Social Security."
Says the Texas House has "a record number of new members joining our ranks."
In public approval, "the press is rated right now below that of Congress, and that is very low; it's in the single digits."
One of the Planned Parenthood videos shows "a fully formed fetus on the table, its heart beating, its legs kicking, while someone says, 'We have to keep it alive to harvest its brain.' "
Did Obama know that Tony Rezko was saving him $300,000 on the purchase of his home?
President Obama has never received a paycheck from a profitmaking business in his entire life.
Portland Public Schools invites "well-paid, well-fed school bureaucrats, administrators, teachers, other staff, non-needy students, affluent parents of students, and other adults, including on the other extreme the adult homeless, illegal aliens, fanatical Muslim terrorists, or drug addicted street people, to enjoy cheap breakfasts in taxpayer-paid school facilities amidst school children."
Donald Trump says "that NATO is obsolete and that we need to get rid of NATO..."
Barack Obama and Joe Biden oppose new drilling at home and oppose nuclear power.
Canada sets aside 36 percent of their visas for people with skills they think their country needs. We set aside 6 percent.
Says Barack Obama is the only American president who has not visited the D-Day Monument in Normandy on D-Day.
Studies suggest the 2017 College Football Playoff Championship game will bring about 1,700 to 1,800 full-time jobs.
Sen. Mark Begich cast the deciding vote in favor of President Obama's authority to issue executive amnesty to illegal aliens.
Understand, this is unemployment insurance. It's not welfare, as a lot of my Republican colleagues like to suggest it is. You pay into it when you're working. You get help when you're not.
We worked together to enact ... the largest tax cut in Florida history.
Congress used earmarks "for more than 200 years."
Says President Barack Obama has launched "twice as many strikes (on) countries that are predominantly Muslim" than President George W. Bush.
Members of Congress and their families and staff are exempt from repaying student loans.
The Senate-passed health care bill "is identical to the Massachusetts health care plan -- the same thing."
I've either balanced every budget or we turned back a surplus.
Says Florida didn't offer special incentives to Deutsche Bank, which announced it will add 300 jobs in Florida.
Says of Donald Trump, "He even said, on his very first day in office, he would require every school in America to let people carry guns into our classrooms."
Says Whoopi Goldberg wore a shirt that shows Donald Trump firing a gun at himself.
Teddy Roosevelt first called for (health care) reform nearly a century ago.
We have the highest tax rate anywhere in the world.
About half the people who would qualify for Medicaid expansion in Florida "can buy a health care plan for $30 a month" on the federal health care exchange.
Hillary Clinton was against setting a deadline for withdrawal, but now she wants a "precipitous withdrawal" regardless of "conditions on the ground" or "consequences of a defeat for the United States," an RNC radio ad.
I believe in tax cuts. I believe in being a supply-sider. I cut the income tax I think it was 24 percent. We got 42 percent more revenues.
If you are a federally licensed gun dealer and your license is revoked because you've engaged in misconduct ... your entire inventory under prevailing law is deemed your personal collection. You then can sell it free from any background checks.
Says Wisconsin's 2011-13 state budget contains "no fee increases"
The Treaty of Tripoli signed by President John Adams was "his outreach to Muslims."
My opponent on day one of this campaign attacked me on Medicare and Medicare Advantage and that claim was found to be False.
Says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker "literally invented a $3.6 billion deficit."
The Texas Department of Transportation... misplaced a billion dollars.
Says Judge JoAnne Kloppenburg agreed to use a technicality to give a convicted sex offender a new hearing because "he didn't understand the charge."
I can tell you that the enhanced interrogation techniques that have since been banned by this administration — specifically waterboarding — work.
As a legislator, (Marco Rubio) flipped on a key vote after making a quick $200,000 from selling the house to the mother of the bill's lobbyist.
State governments have little ability to stimulate job growth in the short run.
Seven of the 10 highest-income counties in the country ring the city of Washington D.C.
He (Kirk) did violate Pentagon rules, twice actually, for improperly mingling politics with his military service.
When you look at the nearly 150 men and women who have served us on the Texas Supreme Court, more than half of them had zero prior judicial experience.
Since 2007 David Jolly has given almost $30,000 to keep Democrats in Congress!
We took Wisconsin from the Bottom 10 for business to the Top 10.
Premeditation, in murder cases like the Oscar Pistorius case, "can be formed in the twinkling of an eye."
90 percent of all pain medications are prescribed in the United States.
The average family (is) now bringing home $4,000 less than they did just five years ago.
John Boozman is excited about putting a 23 percent national sales tax on everything you buy.
Docs: Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker took $1 million from a pro-Putin Ukrainian businessman—last election cycle.
If you are going to kill the families of terrorists, realize that there's something called the Geneva Convention we're going to have to pull out of.
Ponzi schemer Scott Rothstein "gave hundreds of thousands of campaign cash to control Crist's appointments of key state judges."
My husband didn't wrap up the nomination until June.
We've had the private sector more than double the investment that was made by the public sector at Quonset Business Park.
The departments of Commerce, Education and Energy and the EPA saw their spending increase by between 130 percent and 219 percent between 2008 and 2010.
Says Bill Nelson voted for "cuts to Medicare providers" and voted to weaken "Social Security protections" as a U.S. senator.
There is no ‘backlog' of untested rape kits in Wisconsin.
Under the White House's budget proposal, "we will not be adding more to the national debt" by the middle of the decade.
Do you know that, statistically, when you take the SAT a second time, one third of the people that take the SAT, even if they've been studying, will get a lower score than they did the first time around?
Says the government wants to require farm tractor drivers to hold commercial driver's licenses even if they're just crossing a single public road.
Last year, "Exxon pocketed nearly $4.7 million every hour."
I also voted 98 percent of the time with Republicans in the Oregon Legislature.
In the case of General Motors, the (Bush) administration wrote a check without asking for any conditions of change.
Says Mike DeWine took $40,000 from ECOT and "did nothing while the online for-profit school lied about enrollment and took millions meant for our kids."
In Augusta, (Jared) Golden voted to let welfare recipients use your tax dollars to buy tattoos, tobacco, alcohol, even lottery tickets.
Protesters "attacked" the group's headquarters with "graffiti on the sidewalk" and "stenciled images … smeared on the building and statue."
In Rhode Island today, 25 percent of our households either don't have a bank account at all, or they have a bank account and they're still relying on high-cost financial services like payday loans, pawn shop check cashing and so on.
Says the Trump administration transferred $10 million from FEMA to ICE.
Says that according to a study, under Obama's health care initiative, "nearly 90 percent of people" in Wisconsin with health insurance "will have their costs go up by more than 30 percent."
Members of Congress "receive full pay retirement after serving one term."
David Dewhurst "has never once cut one penny from the state budget."
Says Gov. Scott Walker signed abortion, sex education and discrimination bills "in secret."
Says President Obama has waived "the work requirement for welfare."
I've also offered a plan that can help (fix Social Security) that's supported by Robert Reich, secretary of labor previously, in a previous administration.
Says he first unveiled his new legislative agenda in Wisconsin, not in California as critics complain
No Bridge to Nowhere could occur.
I released the most extensive financial review of anybody in the history of politics. … You don't learn much in a tax return.
Photo shows members of the migrant caravan dragging a Mexican official.
Small business confidence is at an all-time high.
Breaking: Trump fires deputy attorney general Rod Rosenstein, raising questions over Mueller's fate.
Assaults on Wisconsin law enforcement officers are up 224 percent statewide since 2005
I negotiated open borders to let fleeing refugees into safety from Kosovo.
Blocking travel from countries with Ebola should be possible because President Barack Obama "has sealed off Israel in the past."
Film and television productions generated a $6 billion economic impact for Georgia's economy in the most recent fiscal year.
Portland spent nearly $1 million in federal stimulus money to install bike path signs where they already existed.
Says Jim Sensenbrenner "has been in office for 40 years" and "he's led on exactly one bill," the Patriot Act.
Says Jeb Bush "said low-income women should ‘get their life together and find a husband.' "
Terrorism and terrorist attacks in the United States and Europe have "gotten to a point where it's not even being reported."
UPS left 15,000 employees' spouses "without health insurance" and told them to, "go on an exchange with no employer subsidy."
Over the last 10 years, Texas created 33 percent of the net new jobs nationwide.
Says Sen. Thad Cochran "voted to spend hundreds of millions of dollars on ... the Bridge to Nowhere in Alaska instead of shifting the money to repair a bridge damaged by Hurricane Katrina."
The U.S. Constitution owes its notion of democracy to the Iroquois Tribes.
Mitt Romney is proposing a tax plan "that would give millionaires another tax break and raises taxes on middle class families by up to $2,000 a year."
Says Charlie Crist supports "cuts to the Medicare Advantage program."
A former Clinton administration official and other economists agree that "if you keep extending these temporary unemployment benefits, you're just going to extend joblessness even more."
Today, the five largest financial institutions are 38 percent bigger than they were back in 2008, when they were too big to fail.
Due to actions by President Barack Obama, "the Burger King national headquarters announced this month that they will be pulling their franchises from our military bases."
In the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, it was the Democrats who cut $500 billion from Medicare. And they also put in place the Independent Payment Advisory Board, 15 unelected bureaucrats, which will be making decisions about health care for our seniors and for all Americans.
Says U.S. Senate rival Eric Hovde "refused to pay his property taxes until he was taken to court."
The Paris Agreement "is by far the largest number of countries ever to sign an international agreement on a single day."
Obama released 10 Russian agents from U.S. custody in 2010 during Hillary's uranium deal.
Says "New Jersey's public school students have the best Advanced Placement scores in the nation."
Nevada lawmakers "permanently cut taxes for over 95 percent of Nevada's businesses."
For the first time since 1990, American manufacturers are creating new jobs.
In 2012, you were discussing how you led the effort to defund breast cancer screenings at Planned Parenthood.
Says there won't be a recount in Alabama because a Democratic judge said "we're going to erase all the computer files ... on Wednesday morning."
Breaking: federal judge grants permission to subpoena Trump.
Says uncompensated health care costs absorbed by Texas hospitals are adding $1,800 a year to Texas private insurance rates.
After Russia went to war with Georgia in 2008, the U.S. sent a "very strong message" to Vladimir Putin by sending "warships to the Black Sea" and airlifting "combat troops that Georgia had in Afghanistan" back to Georgia.
Compared to President Obama, "President Reagan rushed home from Santa Barbara vacation, from the Reagan ranch when the Korean jetliner was shot out of the air by the Russians."
Since 1965, the United States has spent "untold trillions" yet the poverty rate hasn't budged.
Republican redistricting plans cut Democrat Nancy Nusbaum out of "her state Senate district by a half a block."
An April 7, 2015 referendum would take "the choice of chief justice" of the Wisconsin Supreme Court "away from the people."
Haiti official getting ready to testify against Clinton Foundation corruption next week found dead with gunshot to the head.
When Obamacare was signed into law, CBO estimated that 23 million people would be covered in Obamacare's exchanges in 2017. They were off by more than 100 percent. Only 10.3 million people are covered by Obamacare.
The largest U.S. companies would owe $620 billion in U.S. taxes on the cash they store in tax havens.
Says Texas has the nation's most uninsured residents.
Every time we've increased the minimum wage, we've seen a growth in jobs.
Barack Hussein Obama will ... force local authorities to allow Occupy protesters to live in parks.
Says that according to "many reports and even our own data," the state of Texas spent more through Medicaid on orthodontia than all other states combined.
Says former President Barack Obama "will be on new $1 dollar bill."
I've got 15 days from my announcement to file paperwork with the FEC!
More preschoolers are shot dead each year than police officers are in the line of duty.
Why was there no news coverage of this raid on the Arizona border? … Seizure was just five days ago. Right on the Arizona border!
The Obama administration "willfully leaked the existence of STUXNET (a computer worm used against Iran), allowing our enemies to learn more of our secrets and of our operations."
So many of these shooters turn out to be communist Democrats.
Says Obama flip-flopped on warrantless wiretapping.
In 2006, I went out and authored a letter with 24 other senators asking for major reform of Freddie and Fannie, warning of a meltdown and a bubble in the housing market.
Says Mike Dovilla supports a plan "that could allow a foreign corporation to take over the Ohio Turnpike" 
We have the highest rate of childhood poverty of any major country on Earth.
Says 85 percent of Milwaukee shootings involve "people with extensive criminal records shooting other people with extensive criminal records."
Study what General Pershing of the United States did to terrorists when caught. There was no more Radical Islamic Terror for 35 years!
When Washington liberals wanted to take away our guns, Chet said no.
Says Mitt Romney is proposing a "tax cut that gives an average of $250,000 to every millionaire in this country."
In the class of 1968 at Patrice Lumumba University in Moscow, Mahmoud Abbas was one of the members of that class, and so was Ali Khamenei. And that's where they first established relationships with the young Vladimir Putin.
Obamacare medical device tax "has led to the loss of thousands of jobs" in U.S.
Because of the failure to pass a repeal bill, "Obamacare remains the law of the land ... This means more than 300,000 Georgians below the poverty line will still not have access to the insurance Obamacare promised."
President Obama's American Recovery and Reinvestment Act (was) a fancy name for almost a trillion-dollar spending bill. The ARRA was supposed to fix our crumbling roads and bridges, but now, "we have absolutely nothing to show for it."
Says Hillary Clinton had an "undercover nurse" with her at the Sept. 11 memorial ceremony in New York.
In preparing a rules package for the 112th Congress, the GOP had no discussions with Democrats.
There was a very large infrastructure bill that was approved during the Obama administration, a trillion dollars. Nobody ever saw anything being built.
Photo of "tea party" protests shows crowd sprawling from Capitol to Washington Monument
Iowa's Republican caucus stopped mattering years ago. It in no way determines the party nominee.
The murder rate in our country is the highest it's been in 47 years.
Says the recall elections that aimed to remove him and other Republican officials from office "cost tens of millions of dollars to run."
The stock market does better when you have a Democratic president in the White House.
Both Cruz and Rubio are missing the vast majority of their votes.
In 1990, the U.S. led the world in the percentage of 25-34 year olds with college degrees. Today we are in 12th place.
On support for Ronald Reagan's policies
The polls "show over half of Americans identify themselves as being pro-life."
New provisions of the health care law bar the use of flexible spending accounts and health savings accounts to pay for aspirin and other non-prescription health needs.
Says that in 2008, President Barack Obama said normalization with Cuba would first require "liberation of all political prisoners and some basic steps toward freedom, including freedom of the press, political parties, labor unions."
Nevada Democratic Party leaders "hijacked the process on the floor" of the state convention "ignoring the regular procedure and ramming through what they wanted to do."
Most of these mass shootings take place in (areas) where you're not allowed to have a concealed weapons permit.
Obama "has voted in the United States Senate to increase taxes on people who make as low as $42,000 a year."
You know what (Saddam Hussein) did well? He killed terrorists.
Student loans from the federal government issued between 2007 and 2012 are on target "to produce $66 billion in profits for the United States government."
U.S. Rep. John Barrow's plan "puts the IRS in charge of your health care."
Preventive care … saves money, for families, for businesses, for government, for everybody.
One Texas city "has a law that says that women can only have six dildos."
The wages of about 60,562 state and local government employees would be affected if the minimum wage is increased to $10.10 in Georgia, for a combined cost to taxpayers of more than $164 million annually.
Says Mitt Romney "is committed to overturning Roe vs. Wade, and he supports such amendments that define a life as beginning at the moment of conception."
Did you know US population growth is at its lowest since the Great Depression?
On support for Ted Cruz
China is or soon will be "the largest English-speaking nation" in the world.
Joe Garcia raised utility rates on families.
President Trump continues to disrespect patriotic transgender Americans who want to serve their country.
Under Maggie Hassan's leadership, "we increased state spending in the middle of the great recession by 24 percent leading up to and following it."
The national debt of $16 trillion, is "enough to buy both the Cleveland Indians and Cincinnati Reds 1,918 times."
Our families have the highest property taxes in the country. We must change this.
[W]hen adjusted for cost of living, Georgia ranks first nationally in teacher salary and benefits.
The Baucus health care bill "could be used to ban guns in home self-defense."
More than one person, on average, a day is murdered in Philadelphia.
Since the first of the year, 153 businesses at last count had moved out of California to Texas.
We spend more money on lobbying than we do on campaigns.
On the Iran nuclear deal
On in-state tuition for illegal immigrants.
Despite attention on global warming, "fewer Americans carpool today to work than carpooled in 1980" and "SUVs have never been a larger proportion of the vehicles being sold in this country."
I think with the exception of the last year or maybe the last two years, we were at 100 percent when it came to contributing to the Providence pension fund.
“Rick Perry had planned to retire from the legislature until his best friend, David Weeks, and I talked him into switching parties and running for the GOP nomination for agriculture commissioner.”
In the latest jobs numbers Wisconsin "ranked third in the Midwest."
The Massachusetts Supreme Court...defined marriage as simply, quote, the establishment of intimacy ... I guess that would mean if you really had affection for your horse, I guess you could marry your horse.
Cobb County businesses have already been awarded contracts worth $250 million on construction of a new Braves stadium.
John McCain and George W. Bush want to spend "a trillion dollars in Iraq over the next 10 years."
Says new EPA water regulations would force the state to make drainage canals every bit as clean as pristine Florida river systems.
Prince William May Not Attend Royal Wedding Leaving Harry Without a Best Man; Princess Diana Would Not Be Happy
Ninety-eight percent of the American people will not see their taxes go up due to the House health care bill.
Texas Church shooter was Antifa and wanted to start (a) ‘communist revolution.' 
Nathan Deal saved the HOPE scholarship program.
Says Thom Tillis "gives tax breaks to yacht and jet owners."
The sequester "won't consider whether we're cutting some bloated program that has outlived its usefulness, or a vital service that Americans depend on every single day. It doesn't make those distinctions."
Says that before health care reform, one of every three health care dollars spent -- more than $800 billion a year -- didn't go for health care.
We have cut "our deficits by almost three-quarters."
Prior to 1962, everybody prayed before school started, and "the Bible was the principal textbook in all schools."
Says Barack Obama "robbed Medicare (of) $716 billion to pay for ... Obamacare."
There's more union jobs growing in Texas, which is a right-to-work state, than in Illinois, and factory workers make more money in Texas than they do in Illinois.
The U.S. Senate has "one manufacturer — that'd be me."
Donna Shalala left me with 12 million doses of smallpox vaccine and "I created enough" to vaccinate "every man, woman and child against smallpox in America."
In Congress, "on the Democratic side of the room, you've got men and women of all different races; on the other side, you've got a bunch of white men in dark suits, all over 55 or so."
We have been teaching these (Common Core) standards in Florida schools since 2010.
You know, the approval rating of Congress is down to 13 percent.
After merging with Tim Hortons of Canada, Burger King is "not moving. … Our headquarters will remain in Miami" and "(we) will continue to pay all of our federal, state and local U.S. taxes."
Bill Young uses his campaign money for, among other things, a luxury car.
You see 34 people (are) murdered every single day by gunfire in America.
A proposed U.S. Labor Department rule for children working on farms "would even ban youth from operating a battery-powered screwdriver or a pressurized garden hose."
We're spending $1.6 billion for all of Latin America in terms of aid and assistance, a fraction of what we're spending in Iraq, the $500 billion we've spent there
The federal debt is more than $14 trillion, "almost equal to the size of our entire economy," and "every child born today inherits a $45,000 share of the national debt before they take their first breath."
We passed without, frankly, the help of the Republican caucus, we passed 25 tax cuts last year, mostly aimed at the middle class and small businesses.
Most of that money (made by the NFL) goes to the players.
Says that "In 2009, I saved ratepayers around $500 million by persuading the Council to pursue a less expensive compliance mechanism if the City is required to treat Bull Run drinking water."
Under Emanuel, CPS has become the most understaffed school district in Illinois.
Says former President Barack Obama "pardoned a traitor who gave U.S. enemies state secrets, he also pardoned a terrorist who killed Americans."
Nevada is No. 1 in unemployment, violent crime, car theft, divorce, robberies and foreclosures.
Democrats on the House Ways and Means Committee weren't "even entitled to bring an expert witness on any aspect of the tax code that affects 100 percent of our economy."
Kasim Reed has kept every promise he made as a candidate.
Less than half of Texans ages 18-24 are registered to vote.
Senator Cryin' Chuck Schumer fought hard against the Bad Iran Deal, even going at it with President Obama, & then Voted AGAINST it! Now he says I should not have terminated the deal
A Democratic poll operation shows that Fox News is the most trusted news operation in the country.
Says Jason Carter has "gotten David Axelrod to come down and be his campaign advisor."
Thom Tillis cut almost $500 million from education.
The U.S. loses more on tax breaks than it collects in personal income taxes.
Says his proposed payroll tax cut "will mean an extra $1,500 in your pocket compared to if we do nothing."
While President Obama says all options are on the table for preventing a nuclear Iran, Hagel says military action is not a viable, feasible, responsible option.
Obama has proposed 442 tax hikes since taking office.
Says Donald Trump's "Make America Great Again" hats were made in China.
Says "under our current sentencing laws, about 75 percent of all convicted felons in Oregon do not go to prison."
Says his opponent Dorman Grace brags on his Facebook page about receiving illegal campaign contributions.
The director of the FBI said that we cannot properly vet people coming from the Middle East.
Says the claims that Texas faces a $27 billion shortfall "are flat-out false."
This is the year Florida becomes a majority minority state.
The right to vote in this country has never been intrinsically tied to citizenship.
Ninety percent of American workers don't own their own business.
We have more people working in clean and green energy than in oil and gas in this country.
Under his leadership, Tallahassee reduced its carbon intensity by roughly 40 percent.
We've had the same leadership in the Travis County DA's office for 30 years.
Husbands rarely beat up their wives. Single women get beaten up more.
When we came into office, we saw that Missouri had 113,000 regulations. That's more than 7.5 million words; it's 40 dictionaries worth of regulations.
The HIV virus has been "detected in Walmart bananas after 10 year old boy contracts the virus."
Barack Obama tweets sick attack on John McCain, says he should have died.
Says "Monica Lewinsky Found Dead" in a burglary.
During his campaign for president, Donald Trump "committed to honoring states' rights when it comes to marijuana legalization."
Twenty-six men named William have been elected to statewide office and only seven women have had the honor.
More than 30 cents of every state tax dollar goes to Medicaid.
If today's economy was rebounding at the rate of the "Reagan recovery," it would have created the equivalent of 25 million new jobs and raised federal revenue by $800 billion a year.
The city of Atlanta has $56 million in its reserves.
Says "No, I don't benefit, I don't benefit" from his tax proposal.
Florida has reduced its carbon emissions by 20 percent since 2005.
Photo shows a shark swimming on a freeway in Houston.
The (Jackson) plan (for reforming Cleveland schools) lacks any data or methods proven to raise student achievement.
First indictment issued in Russian bribery case tied to Obama-era Uranium One deal.
We don't need a separate (prescription drug) database ... Pharmacies already have a database in place.
Says Donald Trump "literally has no plans to make higher education more affordable."
During Sherrod Brown's past decade as a D.C. politician, more than one out of every four jobs that has left America, left from Ohio. ... Sherrod Brown will own these horrendous Ohio job numbers next year.
All across Ohio, steel mills are reopening.
Says Hillary Clinton is "proposing to print instant work permits for millions of illegal immigrants to come in and take everybody's jobs, including low-income African-Americans."
Companies are moving back, creating job growth the likes of which our country has not seen in a very long time.
The average Georgia family makes $6,000 less than the average family did 10 years ago when inflation is factored in.
President Donald Trump's budget "threatened to cut $2 trillion from Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid"
Health care premiums in North Carolina are now among the five highest states in the country.
Says President Barack Obama's own administration has done five environmental impact assessments of the Keystone XL pipeline, "all of which have said it would have a minimum impact on the environment."
Public sentiment in favor of collective bargaining and in favor of the unions has actually gone up as these governors, I think, have overreached and gone too far and tried to destroy the labor movement.
Taking into account inflation, the federal minimum wage is actually worth less than what it was worth 50 years ago.
There's no wildlife in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge.
Says he "is the only candidate in the race for Clackamas County Chair who will refuse to join the Public Employees Retirement System."
Mitt Romney says class sizes don't matter.
Red Alert: Major Signs of Voter Fraud Uncovered In Ohio.
Says border fencing finished near El Paso in 2010 dramatically curtailed illegal crossings, local crime and drug smuggling.
Says Donald Trump "thinks stop-and-frisk is fine."
When lenders foreclose on homes, they typically suffer losses that exceed 30 percent of the value of the home.
We created 800,000 new jobs, we cut the unemployment rate almost in half and today New York State has more private sector jobs than it has ever had in its history
One of the reasons I believe we're in trouble in Yemen is we lost the population on drone strikes issues. That's what stirred up the population. That's what is happening in Yemen.
Says U.S. Senate candidate Cory Gardner "blocked immigration reform" and "voted to deport our DREAMers."
Obama's proposed budget "doubles the debt in five years, triples it in 10 years."
As a senator, Barack Obama supported "an amendment that basically gutted the legal temporary worker program."
The White House is won in the swing states, and I am winning the swing states.
Rev. Wright said "that al-Qaida and the American flag were the same flags."
The majority of Georgians incarcerated in local jails have never been convicted of crime. They are simply too poor to pay their bail.
Says the giant African land snail "carries human meningitis."
Update: van full of illegals caught voting at multiple Alabama polling locations.
Republican candidate for Georgia governor "dabbled" in birther conspiracy theories.
Says protesters at the Wisconsin state Capitol on the night the state Senate passed collective bargaining changes damaged the windshield of his car.
Nine hundred people have been fired since I became secretary (of Veterans Affairs). We've got 60 people that we fired who have manipulated wait times.
The Obama administration "called Bashar Assad a reformer when he was turning his Russian-provided guns on his own people."
Attacks on Planned Parenthood "come at a time when the poverty rate among women is the highest in nearly two decades and 1 in 5 women under 65 don't have access to health care."
Says David Dewhurst accused Cruz of being a Red Chinese Communist.
We have the best schools in the United States.
Says the United States has "the world's greatest health care system."
In 2012, 123 African-Americans were shot dead by police. ... Same year, 326 whites were killed by police.
Says that when he first ran for office in the late 1980s, "there were still folks who didn't have phone service. Soon I'd helped ensure that everyone in North Florida could access a dial tone."
On offshore oil drilling.
On implementing a sales tax.
Says Jon Corzine "gave away 14 percent raises over 4 years and he stood on the front steps of the Capitol at a public-sector union rally and said, 'I will fight to get you a great contract.'"
Says Donald Trump is "against minimum wage."
Says Virginia Republican "Scott Taylor has been convicted in at least four different courts across the country, at times failing to even appear, and having a warrant issued for his arrest."
The incoming Republican freshman class – well, it's no ordinary group: nearly half of its roughly 80 members have never served in elective office before.
The projected revenue from the Mayweather/Pacquiao fight is "larger than the annual GDP of 29 different countries."
All the money the Department of Citrus has is paid for by the citrus growers. You don't save dollars by eliminating the Department of Citrus.
The economy bled $24 billion due to the government shutdown.
The Hollywood celebrities endorsing Hillary Clinton are "in many cases celebrities that aren't very hot anymore."
21-million Americans could have a four-year college scholarship for the money we've squandered in Iraq. 7.6-million teachers could have been hired last year if we weren't squandering this money.
30,000 scientists have come forward confirming that man-made climate change is a hoax perpetuated by the elite in order to make money.
Medicare officials have treated Humana and AARP inconsistently on how they can communicate with seniors.
Social Security, like I told you, is out of money. This year it is borrowing from the general treasury.
Says the National Labor Relations Board told Boeing that it "can't build a factory in a non-union state."
There are still more people uninsured today than when Obama was elected president.
Says Rex Tillerson "sued to keep a fracking project out of his backyard."
“If every small business in our state, on average, was able to create one new job we would cut our unemployment rate in half.”
Says Will Rasmussen falsely claimed he had lived in the West Linn district for about a year.
A friend's sister "died from Obamacare" because Blue Shield "completely just pulled out of California."
It's factually correct to say that Jennifer Brunner inherited at least 18 lawsuits when she came into the office that were a result of Ken Blackwell's "mismanagement of the 2004 election."
Says "Hillary Clinton filed for divorce In New York courts."
Says Minnesota U.S. House candidate Joe Radinovich has "spent his life running from the law, charged with 18 crimes."
Says "109 people out of hundreds of thousands of travelers" were affected by the immigration executive order.
Ohio is doing better right now than the national average on all the (economic) numbers.
The Iraq Study Group reported that (Saddam Hussein) had designs on reviving his nuclear program.
Say easing restrictions on selling alcohol on Sundays will result in more traffic crashes and fatalities.
In the last five years, 28,000 people have been killed along the U.S.-Mexico border.
Says a progressive income tax proposal from Democratic governor candidate J.B. Pritzker "is wholly regressive."
People think AIDS is done -- it's not done.
We definitely lost way more jobs in Texas this year than we gained — we lost 300,000 jobs in Texas alone this year.
We have more hospitals that are children's hospitals than any other state in the union. 
Under the new and little known 'global justice' initiative, the Obama administration has ordered FBI agents to "read Miranda Rights to high-value terrorist detainees captured on the battlefield."
Attorney general candidate Brad Schimel "is in cahoots with Wisconsin Right to Life to make abortion a crime in Wisconsin."
Says U.S. Rep. Paul Ryan's budget proposal "eliminates Medicare" in 10 years.
Florida is "the largest dog-racing state in the country."
Fleeing Syria, "a million children are now refugees."
The Convention Center "was sold as a building that would never cost taxpayers a dime."
Says U.S. Rep. Trey Gowdy's 8-year-old son found dead "in a dumpster in D.C."
From 2003 to 2006, 'Sesame Street' made more than $211 million from toy and consumer product sales.
Seventy four percent of Californians are absolutely against sanctuary state policies.
Says "Meryl Streep just got fired from a major project for lying about Trump."
Only three in 10 young Americans under 30 -- 30 percent under 30 -- have full-time work.
Says Charlie Crist wants felons who "commit a heinous crime" such as "intentional permanent disfigurement of a child, you walk out of jail, you immediately get to vote."
Says Sean Casten supports "doubling premiums" and "cutting current health care plans."
Says opponent U.S. Rep. Gwen Moore ‘is Wisconsin's most absent member of Congress, missing nearly 17 percent of the House votes in the second quarter of 2012.'
In Miami-Dade County, "we spend at our school system over $20 million every year" educating recent immigrants.
The federal government "can cut all of the non-military discretionary spending and not balance the budget."
Says none of the government programs targeted for elimination or severe cutback in House Republican spending plans "appeared on the GAO's list of government programs at high risk of waste, fraud and abuse."
Says murder is the chief cause of death for pregnant women.
One of the first states in the union to pass a voter ID bill was Rhode Island, 85 percent Democratic legislature.
Twelve percent of the garbage collected in those SOLV cleanups, by volume, is plastic bags.
After J.D. Hayworth "was voted out of Congress, he became a registered lobbyist" who was "paid thousands by a Florida corporation to lobby the very committee he used to serve on."
In Texas, "a faceless hospital panel can deny life-sustaining care, giving you only 10 days to find another facility for your mother, dad, or young child, even if the patient is conscious."
Virginia was named "best managed state, best state for business and best state to raise a child" while I was governor.
By 2009, "dozens of senior terrorists had been taken off the battlefield" by drones.
Says she "would bring 186,740 new jobs to Wisconsin" and "Donald Trump would cost Wisconsin 61,050 jobs."
We have over 700,000 illegal immigrants in the state. They're costing us billions of dollars and they're taking legal residents' jobs.
Inner-city students "fall back and don't succeed, whereas if there was a less intensive track, they would."
Says U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin "wants to use a government jet that costs $25,000 per hour for his honeymoon."
Says more than $3.5 billion in state revenue that is supposed to be dedicated to basic needs and functions is being diverted to "make the books look balanced."
Says Jeff Stone = Scott Walker.
Says Rick Scott "raised property taxes."
Barack Obama "wants the government to take over health care, spend hundreds of billions of dollars of new money for health insurance for everyone."
Court orders Obama to pay $400 million in restitution.
Says his budget provides "the highest state funding level in history" for education.
Of course, there is large scale voter fraud happening on and before election day.
Says he balanced the Milwaukee County budget "without raising taxes five years in a row."
ACORN will be a paid partner with the Census Bureau and "they will be in charge of going door-to-door and collecting data from the American public."
Says New York Rep. John Faso "cast the deciding vote" to try to kill health care protections provided by Obamacare.
You have to get a license to fish on our beaches.
Says "there's 400,000" anchor babies born in the United States a year, which are "individuals coming to our country and having their children so their children can be U.S. citizens."
Says that as Providence's mayor, David Cicilline said the city had a "world-class … school system. Not only did Providence not have a world-class school system but as measured, was amongst the last school system in the entire country."
Breaking: woman says she was offered big money by Washington Post to accuse Roy Moore of misconduct.
12 more hurricanes headed towards U.S.
Out of 150,000 tenured teachers in the last 10 years, only 17 have been dismissed for incompetence.
Says he can't release his internal affairs record because there are Attorney General guidelines in place protecting it.
Obamacare is "hurting people right now" with premium increases of up to 116 percent.
Odd fact for odd draft: No. 2 overall pick will earn more than the No. 1 pick due to no state tax in Florida. So 2 not so bad.
The New START treaty was passed despite significant concerns among some people in the State and Defense Departments.
Both the state and federal governments make more per gallon in gas taxes than the oil companies make themselves for doing all the work.
The cap-and-trade bill will mean "2 million jobs lost."
Says that President Obama said in 2008 that his proposed greenhouse gas regulations "will bankrupt" anyone who wants to build a new coal-fired power plant.
Ted Nugent killed in hunting accident.
Says Rep. Martha McSally "is a #FlipFlopBorderHawk."
The president is brain-dead.
Wisconsin wages are declining at double the rate of other states.
Corporate profits are up, CEO pay is up, but average wages of Americans are flat.
Says Austin has "been ranked repeatedly as one of the most, if not the most, economically segregated cities in the country."
We got back every dime used to rescue the banks.
Light rail does not reduce congestion.
Only one president has ever cut Medicare for seniors in this country . . . Barack Obama.
We've cut taxes 75 times, cut $7.5 billion worth in taxes, and as a result we've added over 1.3 million jobs.
John McCain has seven houses.
The Bush administration's latest plans for troop withdrawal from Iraq by 2011 are "more or less the same time frame I announced two years ago."
K-12 education is getting more money this year than they did last year. ... It is a total increase of 4.1 percent.
Says Gov. Scott Walker's repeal of a 2009 law has left Wisconsin as "one of five states without an equal pay law protecting women from gender discrimination in their paycheck."
The so-called defense minister of the People's Republic of Donetsk ... actually posted a bragging social media posting of having shot down a military transport. And then when it became apparent it was civilian, they pulled it down from social media.
Says Obama has failed to pass a budget.
Domestic violence "is seen as a pre-existing" health condition and "women had to pay 50 percent more for health care because of gender ratings," but under Obamacare, "all of that is over."
It was Hillary Clinton who left Americans in harm's way in Benghazi and after four Americans fell said, 'What difference at this point does it make?' 
John McCain decided to stand with George Bush 95 percent of the time (last year).
Bernie Sanders opposes the death penalty, and Hillary Clinton supports it.
Says Donald Trump has outlined "policies that read like a Kremlin wish list."
Sen. McConnell offered a fully paid two-month extension of unemployment insurance.
The minute this proposal for near-beach oil drilling came up, I was against it.
Science is "very certain" that the measles vaccine doesn't cause autism.
Paul Ryan "is one of only six House Republicans who voted for Teddy Kennedy's bill to force Christian employers to hire LGBT employees."
Barron Trump Rushed To The Hospital, Hospital Releases Statement On His Condition
One-half of undocumented workers pay federal income taxes, which means they are paying more federal income taxes than Donald Trump pays.
Buying the naming rights to the new Falcons stadium is the largest marketing deal in Mercedes-Benz history.
I was one of about a dozen (senators) who voted against the Bridge to Nowhere.
We don't allow filming inside of the City Hall unless there is a specific reason.
Says he "tore down hundreds of abandoned homes that served as havens for crime and reduce(d) the value of our neighborhoods."
The total number of dollars that passes through the Department of Development is like $900 million and like $650 (million) of it has nothing to do with development, which is breathtaking when you think about it.
House Republicans are ramming through legislation ... to classify pizza as a 'vegetable' for the purpose of school lunches.
The seven nations identified in Donald Trump's travel ban were "identified by the Obama administration as the seven most dangerous countries in the world in regard to harboring terrorists."
After they bought GST Steel, "Mitt Romney and his partners loaded it with debt, closed the Kansas City plant and walked away with a healthy profit, leaving hundreds of employees out of work with their pensions in jeopardy."
Says Tommy Thompson "pushed such strict laws that abortion providers faced potential life imprisonment and women were forced to cross state lines in order to receive attention for life-threatening issues."
Our credit rating went up since I've been in office.
Unemployment and the housing and auto industry crises can be fixed by giving a million dollars to every worker over age 50 to retire.
There have been 74 "school shootings in America since Sandy Hook."
A gun "background check is futile. Something like 42 (people during the) last year … were prosecuted for trying to buy a gun with a criminal record out of 11 million."
Dubious taxpayer-funded stimulus projects in Rhode Island include … $250,000 to provide digital television to the state's inmate population.
Quite frankly, it was during the Bush years of spending, multiplied now by the Obama years that we have this mess.
The stock market has hit record numbers, as you know. And there has been a tremendous surge of optimism in the business world.
When my grandfather came to this country back in 1925, there were no government benefits.
Says Sen. Ted Cruz used to be "in favor of birthright citizenship" but is now against it.
Says a U.S. Supreme Court justice suggested that some U.S. cases will be decided based on South African law.
In many places, like California, the same person votes many times. You probably heard about that. They always like to say 'oh that's a conspiracy theory.' Not a conspiracy theory, folks. Millions and millions of people.
Since 2000, "the Texas clean air program achieved a 22 percent reduction in ozone and a 46 percent decrease in NOx emissions."
Cuyahoga County "passed a program to guarantee a college savings account for every single child who enters kindergarten in this county -- the first county in the United States to do so."
Allegiant Air is rewarding everyone with 2 free plane tickets to celebrate April Aviation Week!
A year since the "Recovery Summer," there has been been "a fall, winter and spring of no recovery."
Says Clinton did not read the National Intelligence Estimate before voting for the Iraq war.
Since World War II, only Gerald Ford and Bill Clinton have had worse ratings after seven months than President Obama.
In the U.S. Senate, Barack Obama "has not reached across party lines to get anything significant done."
I watched in Jersey City, N.J., where thousands and thousands of people were cheering as the World Trade Center collapsed.
DeWine "took $1.9 million from big banks," "supported legislation that helped Bernie Madoff make millions" and "protected predatory lenders while families lost their homes."
After Hurricane Katrina, "Dallas and San Antonio took in 5,000 to 10,000 refugees each, but (Bill) White brought in 250,000 and put them up in his 'buddies' empty apartment buildings and let the federal government pay their rents for over two years. They did not return to New Orleans, most of them are on welfare."
The actual deportations from the interior of the country are way down under President Obama.
On abortion.
Republicans control the U.S. Senate with 54 seats, but those 54 senators were elected by only two-thirds the number of voters who elected the Democrats. In the Senate, the majority party represents a minority of the people.
States still face a "mandate" to expand Medicaid coverage under President Obama's health care reform law.
Since I came into office … we have increased the VA budget by 85 percent.
It was President Obama's "inaction that caused over three weeks to go by before he even approved the governor's plan to protect our marsh."
Obamacare premiums nationwide have increased by double and triple digits.
The president and vice president can't be from the same state.
Two days of interest we pay to China is enough to buy one joint strike fighter [jet].
Hurricane "Irene was the second-largest storm to hit North America in terms of power outages -- and the first hurricane to make landfall in New Jersey since 1904."
Ohio is losing over 700 family farms a year, some of them just to pay the inheritance tax.
Paul Ryan has blocked all action to strengthen our gun laws.
Michelle Nunn's "foundation directed grants to an Islamic group tied to radical terrorists."
Hillary in hiding as police discover dead body hidden in Huma Abedin's dumpster.
In the past three years, we have prosecuted or brought more cases on access to public records than in the previous 12 years combined.
I did not vote to spend money to fight that (Amendment 6 redistricting) lawsuit.
We've outdrawn the Super Bowl for a little while now in the arenas and stadiums that we've followed them in for the Super Bowl. We've gone in after [the NFL] and surpassed their ticket sales.
President Barack Obama's health care reform "slashed $500 billion from Medicare."
The city of Richmond "built the second richest team in the NFL a $14 million stadium."
Thomas Jefferson said, ‘Government that governs least governs best.' 
On average, American women only earn 80 cents for every dollar a man earns for doing the same job.
Romney refused to pardon "a decorated soldier" returning from Iraq who had been charged with a crime involving a BB gun when he was 13.
It has been estimated that nearly 40 percent of all guns sold in America are sold by private, unlicensed sellers either online or through gun shows.
Says "Jacky Rosen has refused to tell us whether she supports Bernie Sanders or Hillary Clinton."
It is shocking to me that Police Commissioner Richard Ross and Mayor Jim Kenney allowed this illegal occupation to go on for hours without taking any action to enforce the law…
Today, you can't rely on (the retirement fund for public employees), it's not funded.
Says in Washington, D.C., Sen. Richard Burr "took millions from special interests, went there and cashed in, voted to cut (his) own taxes and raise taxes on working folks."
FBI uncovers evidence that 62 million Trump voters are all Russian agents!
In the last 22 months, businesses have created more than 3 million jobs. Last year, they created the most jobs since 2005.
Says he eliminated an EPA rule that treated spilled milk like it was oil.
There's not a single, solitary example that signing the bill to end Glass-Steagall "had anything to do with the financial crash."
As CEO of WWE, Linda McMahon "was caught tipping off a ringside physician" about a federal investigation into illegally distributing steroids to wrestlers.
A private school tax break in the Wisconsin state budget is "the most generous in the nation."
Pope Francis: Gun owners ‘can't call themselves Christian'
The Obama administration increased the deportation of illegal immigrants convicted of crimes by 70 percent.
Black people are eight times more likely to be arrested than white people in Madison.
Says federal law enforcement officers cut off questioning of the Christmas Day underwear bomber by giving him a Miranda warning after 30 minutes of questioning.
Wealthy foreigners can obtain visas through a special program, but only a small number "invest in true high-unemployment areas. Almost every other EB-5 project uses gerrymandering to qualify as distressed."
Almost 37 percent of the total income from Planned Parenthood is from abortions.
The jobs bill includes "President Obama's tax on soup kitchens"
Every 1 percent increase in the number of Ohioans with bachelor's degrees "means economic activity growing the next year and for each year thereafter (by) $2.5 billion dollars."
Says Sen. Rob Portman says Ted Strickland earned $400,000 a year as a lobbyist after leaving Ohio for Washington.
Beer drinking is not allowed in any Illinois state parks.
Hollywood celebs: We will go on ‘total strike' if Trump does not resign.
Some criminals have learned how to spy on Americans, hacking into our home computers and looking out through the video camera attached to the screen.
Says Marco Rubio "has a 98 percent voting record with the Koch brothers."
Says Iowa Senate candidate Joni Ernst "promises to shut down the Department of Education and abolish the EPA."
Every child born today inherits a $30,000 share in a national debt that stands at more than $13 trillion.
Mitt Romney's pledged to protect (oil companies') record profits – and their billions in special tax breaks, too.
From 1972 until 2011, the number of EPA employees increased by 107 percent while the number of total federal personnel decreased by 15 percent.
Forty aides who serve President Barack Obama "owe $333,485 in back taxes."
Said his mother had to fight with health insurance companies for treatment because of a pre-existing condition.
Says Congressmen Paul Ryan and Todd Akin co-sponsored legislation "to limit federal funding for abortion to victims of ‘forcible rape.'"
Road construction bids "are coming in at the lowest in the modern era."
Puerto Rico's electric grid and their electric generating plant was dead before the storms ever hit. It was in very bad shape. It was in bankruptcy. It had no money. It was largely -- you know, it was largely closed.
I unsealed my records at Marquette University.
‘Dark money' spending in the 2016 election cycle "is 10 times what it was at the same point in the 2012 election cycle," when it topped $308 million.
All non-US citizens, illegal or not, will be provided with free health care services.
We have had over 40 days this summer where it was unsafe to breathe the air.
Says she got unions to agree to "about $10 million in reduction" of salaries and health benefits while serving as Dane County executive in Wisconsin.
In general, it appears Wisconsin's right to work bill would "likely apply to" the Green Bay Packers players and their union.
Half of Oregon university students are on Pell Grants.
Climate change is "directly related" to the growth of terrorism.
Says Beto O'Rourke's campaign "told Texas VFW to remove their American flag" because O'Rourke has "an aversion to the American flag and symbols of patriotism."
Research shows the employer mandate in the House health reform bill would "place millions 'at substantial risk of unemployment' — with minority workers losing their jobs at twice the rate of their white counterparts."
Says Donald Trump "always pays his bills promptly."
On preserving 60-vote threshold to end a Senate filibuster.
Says "over the last 48 years, every governor at the midterm of his first term or her first term has lost seats in the Legislature, with the exception of Jim McGreevey in 2003."
On drilling off the Atlantic coast
James Clapper Flips On Live TV, Admits Obama Behind Entire Russia Witch Hunt! (Video)
On how he measures his promise to create 700,000 private-sector jobs in seven years.
Says Ron Johnson "is benefiting from several super PACs, I am not."
Says Barack Obama "has the legal authority to let in really however many refugees he wants, from whatever country."
No administration has accomplished more in the first 90 days.
You're paying for...(state Sen. Diane Allen's) health care, and she took yours away.
Seneca Jones Timber Co., aiming to increase logging and allay fears that old growth will be cut, says mills have shifted to second-generation trees. An ad from the company asks: "Do you know that most all mills in Oregon have retooled over the past 20 years?"
Community banks … are being destroyed by Dodd-Frank.
President Donald Trump signed DEPLOYMENT ORDERS for the 82nd Airborne Division of the United States Army, instructing them to deploy from Ft. Bragg, NC, to the U.S. southern border at Mexico.
We have a retiree that is collecting a $17,000 paycheck a month . . . tax free.
Emergency rooms account for "2 percent of all health care spending."
There are prototype cars that get between 100 and 150 miles per gallon and "we could have those cars in your garages in a couple of years."
Health proposal would create a "40% tax on health care benefits of middle-class workers."
Says Supreme Court nominee Merrick Garland "voted, so the folks know, in Washington, D.C., to keep guns away from private citizens."
About 40 percent of Hispanic homeowners have subprime mortgages.
Over the last 40 years, real wage growth has been flatlined because of the policies of the Federal Reserve ... It was all driven by the Federal Reserve.
Says President Obama was wrong "about Muslims' historical contributions to mankind, such as algebra (actually that was the ancient Babylonians), the compass (that was the Chinese), pens (the Chinese again) and medical discoveries."
On changing the rules for filibusters on presidential nominees
[A]n extra 8 million Americans [are] projected to join state Medicaid programs in the next few years.
Wisconsin is "49th out of 50 states in infrastructure."
Says "millions of dollars in tax breaks" were paid for "by busting unions, cutting BadgerCare, and raising taxes on the poor and the middle class, thanks to Elizabeth Coggs' help."
You've heard endlessly about waterboarding. It happened to three terrorists.
Says Mike Braun has supported two proposals and a lawsuit to end coverage for people with pre-existing conditions.
We don't get a lot of calls from this White House… I have, frankly, never had a call from them.
Says a man in Ferguson, Mo., was photographed holding a sign that said, "No mother should have to fear for her son's life every time he robs a store."
McCain's "plan for the economy is to extend George Bush's tax cuts for billionaires and give a $100-billion additional corporate tax cut."
I am very proud that over my almost 30 years of public service I have had no scandals.
Says Ronald Reagan "was behind in the polls in 1980 going into the debate with Jimmy Carter and then turned around 10 days later and won 40 states."
Says 80 percent of North Carolinians support "the concept that men should not be in women's restrooms, changing rooms, bathrooms, etc."
Under Gov. Kitzhaber, unemployment rose 65 percent, state spending went up 57 percent and personal incomes declined compared to the rest of the country.
California has "the sixth largest economy on planet Earth."
Gov. Rick Scott's sale of the state planes was "not proper."
We got a million jobs.
Regulations on developers have thwarted construction on county-owned land in Milwaukee's downtown Park East corridor.
In every single country, she had a majority of the vote -- or more of those who'd already made up their minds.
The Affordable Care Act is bringing the cost of health care in our country down.
Says the 2010-11 New Hampshire budget ended with an $18 million surplus, while the Republican-led 2012-13 budget has a $40 million deficit.
Virginia is "the number one state per capita in screening out people with mental illness from gun purchases."
She "led the fight to stop health insurance rate hikes and saved Rhode Island families over $150 million."
Mark Warner cast "the tiebreaking vote" to pass Obamacare.
Says George Norcross said the "TAKEOVER OF RUTGER$ CAMDEN WILL COST NEW JER$EY BILLION$."
Says legislation supported by gay rights activists would strip "mother" and "father" from future Texas birth certificates.
Refugees are subject to more rigorous screening than the average tourist in the U.S.
Some of the wealthiest Americans are African-American now.
House Bill 2301 never had a public hearing
One-hundred times as many people worked their way from poverty into the American middle class during his presidency compared to Ronald Reagan's presidency.
A proposed constitutional amendment "will pave the way for making abortion illegal under North Carolina's constitution."
Seventy percent of Missourians support voter photo ID legislation.
There's one (study) that came out of Pew in 2008 that showed 14 percent of people who voted were noncitizens.
Our businesses have created jobs every single month since (Obamacare) became law.
President Eisenhower, on the night before the Normandy invasion...[wrote a] letter of resignation to the United States Army for the failure of the landings at Normandy.
Lisa Page squeals: DNC server was not hacked by Russians.
House GOP rules package bars CBO from counting spikes in deficit spending spurred by an ACA repeal.
The 2015 Legislature "passed the fewest laws in 20 years."
Mitt Romney is worth "at least a quarter billion dollars" and the bulk of his wealth "remains in blind trusts and overseas bank accounts."
Says Donald Trump promised "the mass deportation of Latino families."
BP is setting up claims offices throughout the state.
The health care law was "a 2,733-page bill! . . . No amendments!"
Statistics bear out that any time a country, a state, makes more restrictive abortion laws ... fatalities go up and abortions actually increase.
Barack Obama has "doubled our national debt. Doubled it. It's going to be close to $20 trillion when he leaves."
Says "One of the state's largest governments made charging this tax one of their top priorities just this year."
Says American polling shows Russian President Vladimir Putin has "an 80 percent approval rating."
Says Tom Nelson "backed higher taxes on Social Security, costing Wisconsin seniors $95 million."
Says Hillary Clinton told the Des Moines Register on Aug. 8, 2015: "I will get the NRA shut down for good if I become president. If we can ban handguns, we will do it."
Mitt Romney "left Massachusetts $1 billion in debt."
Ninety percent of people living in Gaza "don't have access even to water."
The Paul Ryan budget proposal would leave the country "without Medicare."
55 percent of the people who cast a provisional ballot (in Florida) in the last presidential election -- their vote did not count.
Says New Jersey Devils managing partner Jeff Vanderbeek "froze all those monies during the toughest years in ‘08-'09" and "refused to give the charitable dollars that he was required to give by the contract."
By using a little-known loophole ... Obama minions are allowing Nestle Company to export precious fresh water out of Lake Michigan.
Two-thirds of the top-rated hospitals in Florida were our hospitals.
Says Sen. Mitch McConnell's delay in seating Alabama Sen.-elect Doug Jones "is a flagrant violation of Senate policy, which requires Jones assume office the instant one of them wins the election."
Small businesses "create two out of every three American jobs."
Mary Burke "wasted 12.5 million dollars on a vacant lot" in a move that "could cost taxpayers nearly $25 million."
We've lost over 5,000 Americans over there in Afghanistan, in Iraq, and plus the civilians killed.
Says Rick Santorum "opposes right-to-work"
The "president has given 1,100 special waivers to his friends" for Obamacare.
Libtard hero Al Franken forced to resign in disgrace.
In Florida, they're already talking about how the Ryan-Romney plan will end Medicare and replace it with a voucher.
Supported in-state tuition in Arkansas for illegal immigrants "if you'd sat in our schools from the time you're 5 or 6 years old and you had become an A-plus student," among other things.
We have no idea what is contained in [electronic cigarette] vapor.
If every house in Florida had a solar-heated water tank, that would eliminate consumption by 17 percent.
Says Mitt Romney raised business taxes 20 percent in Massachusetts.
The state's tax burden has, according to census figures released today, cost our state another 190,000 residents in 2009.
Rhode Island is one of only six states to use E-Verify.
Obamacare passed by just one vote in the Senate. It wouldn't have passed without Mark Warner's vote.
We've seen property taxes go down for the first time in 12 years on a median valued home.
On whether or not the Philadelphia DA's office will recommend the possibility of parole for all juvenile lifers.
A Medicaid provision added to the Senate health care reform bill "is not a special deal for Nebraska."
Members of Congress can "retire with the same pay after only one term" in office
Under the president's plan, he cuts Medicare by $716 billion, takes that money out of the Medicare trust fund and uses it to pay for Obamacare.
On support for the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare).
Among Milwaukee Public Schools students, "86 percent are behind in reading and 80 percent are behind in math."
Rigell's car dealership made over $400,000 off the ‘Cash for Clunkers' bailout.
Putting three Republicans in my Cabinet...is unprecedented.
Fast and Furious began under the Bush administration.
The U.S. won't default, because default means that you don't pay your creditors. And it takes about 10 percent of the money that's coming in right now to pay interest to bondholders.
Richmond is "the most vegan-friendly city."
Blocking a U.S. Supreme Court nomination during the remaining months of President Obama's term "would leave the nation's highest court with an unprecedented year-long vacancy."
Obama regime planned the influx of illegal alien children at the border.
Says he "raised graduation rates to nearly 90 percent."
In 2008, "candidate Obama, he's not even president-elect, sends William Miller over to Iran to establish a back channel and let the Iranians know that should he win the election, they will have friendlier terms."
The Obama administration had cut $300 million from school safety.
During the lead-up to the American Revolutionary War, "some guy in Boston got his head blown off because he tried to secretly raise the tax on tea."
Paul Ryan would "outlaw in vitro fertilization."
No fracking waste is being dumped in New York State
Too many tattoos "on visible body parts" keep some applicants out of the military.
Ted Cruz is in negotiations to be Donald Trump's running mate.
We've saved over $100 million of (health care) costs in Milwaukee County. "I did that."
There were fewer civilian casualties in Cambodia than there have been from American drone attacks.
Says Ronald Reagan "understood repeatedly that when the deficit started to get out of control, that for him to make a deal he would have to propose both spending cuts and tax increases."
Jennifer Carroll's an "outsider."
John Hagee calls for "prosecuting women who say God's name during intercourse."
Under President Barack Obama, "more Americans are in poverty ... than at any time since the Census Bureau began keeping records on it over 50 years ago."
Bill McCollum "backed Jim Greer's effort to hide financial irregularities."
true
Without U.S. Senate action, Texas will have more federal judicial vacancies this year than any other state.
Says Donald Trump warned outgoing Ghana President against last-minute job appointments.
Says Beto O'Rourke "has a criminal record that includes DWI and burglary arrests."
Obama admits he is not a citizen.
The Obama administration has used the Espionage Act to go after whistleblowers who leaked to journalists ... more than all previous administrations combined.
In New York, your chances of getting murdered are 1 in 25,000. In Honduras, it's 1 in 14.
Police discover meth lab in back room of Alabama Walmart.
U.S. Senate candidate Todd Akin was "partly right" that a woman's body has a way of shutting down so that a pregnancy doesn't occur if she's raped.
Just this week we received the news that for the first time Social Security is now paying out more in benefits than it's taking in. That was something that was supposed to happen in 2016.
Jeanne Shaheen was principally involved in a plot with Lois Lerner and President Barack Obama's political appointee at the IRS to lead a program of harassment against conservative nonprofit groups during the 2012 election
The FBI has become America's secret police … like the old KGB.
Our national debt is as low as it has been since World War II.
Says proposed teacher contract "would layer on more restrictive rules."
Says Dick Cheney "de-Ba'athisized the Iraqi government and created ISIS."
We're up 123,000 jobs over the last year and three-quarters. We're actually, according to the Bureau of Labor statistics, down 500 ... auto jobs in Ohio.
Barack Obama had 150 days in the U.S. Senate where he was able to vote quite often 'present.' 
A lot of people who go into prison straight, and when they come out they're gay.
The unemployment rate among blacks in Texas is 9.5% -- far more than double white unemployment -- and wages have fallen for black workers in Texas since 2000.
Says Robert Menendez is "the king of raising money from Wall Street, over a million dollars, one of the leaders in the United States Senate. I haven't raised any Wall Street money at all."
The Florida Legislature has not filed a lawsuit to fight Amendments 5 and 6.
Secretary Geithner has left the option on the table of abandoning the dollar for a multinational currency.
Since 1900, six (U.S. Supreme Court) justices have been confirmed during election years, including Justice Anthony Kennedy, who was confirmed in the final year of the Reagan Administration.
If you want to talk firsts for Bush, this was the first time in American history that a president took us into a war and cut taxes.
A Homeland Security study "showed 120 murders took place that could have been prevented had communities been working with ICE and Homeland Security."
Funding the federal health care law without a tax hike will "require the state to cut nearly a quarter of its annual budget."
Says Bernie Sanders was indifferent to Russia's annexation of Crimea because he felt "they have a lot of Russians anyway."
Newt Gingrich's presidential campaign has "exactly the same" challenges as Ronald Reagan's successful 1980 bid.
Says members of the military have sent him more campaign contributions than they've sent President Barack Obama and more than twice what they've sent other Republican presidential candidates.
On Sandra Day O'Connor: "I think one reason she was a good judge is she had no judicial experience" before she joined the Supreme Court.
Says taxpayer resources are being used "to facilitate private political agendas" through automatic payroll deduction of union dues.
Says six of the state's 58 family planning centers had to close because of Gov. Chris Christie's budget cuts.
In the 2014 election, "80 percent of poor people did not vote."
Obama worked with "Sen. Dick Lugar, a Republican, to help lock down loose nuclear weapons."
When President, then candidate, Obama was asked to disclose some of his donors because there was suspicion of their being the foreign source of money into his campaign, they refused to do it.
Under current law, if you go on a dating website and you say you're 32 and you're actually 42, you've committed a misdemeanor.
Says Donald Trump "doesn't make a thing in America."
Barack (Obama) has one of his biggest supporters in terms of funding, the Exelon Corporation, which has spent millions of dollars trying to make Yucca Mountain the waste depository.
Senate health care legislation will "levy a new 'abortion premium' fee on Americans in the government-run plan."
Says women who need a sonogram in the eighth to 10th week of pregnancy have to get a transvaginal sonogram.
Wisconsin is "dead last in the Midwest for job creation."
No one questioned that she (Judge Sotomayor) was out of the mainstream.
Says the Obama administration "watered down sanctions" against Iran, delayed them and tried to stop Congress "from putting the tough sanctions in place."
The United States is "about to have the smallest Army since before WWII, the smallest Navy since WWI and the smallest Air Force ever."
Obama said his proposed $1,000 emergency energy rebate "will be enough to offset the increased cost of gas for a working family over the next 4 months."
The changes to Georgia's tax and fee structure "is an overall tax cut."
In Mobile, it's something like, 1,700 families generate 80 percent of the crime. We know who those families are.
Says of MS-13 gang members, "We are getting them out of our country by the thousands."
Says David Clarke reduced the number of Milwaukee County sheriff's deputies "from about 700 and something to 300 and something."
Today, "the United States is the most respected country on Earth."
Says that voter identification laws "keep poor people from voting, minorities from voting, the elderly from voting, students from voting."
We have more illegal immigrants here than we did five years ago.
Says 31 percent of Texas physicians accept all new Medicaid patients, down from 67 percent in 2000.
The state of Ohio has one of the lowest unemployment rates in the nation right now and is leading the pack in terms of job creation.
My grandfather came home from ... (World War II) exhausted from the burdens he had borne, and died the next day.
Says Rick Perry is a 25-year incumbent.
Lindsey Graham endorsed Charlie Crist for U.S. Senate.
On pay for fired Milwaukee police officers
There are no similar clips of Newt Gingrich talking about how ineffective President Bush was in trying to control North Korea.
Says Hillary Clinton "wants to have open borders."
Says he took down the mob in Northeast Ohio
Health care mandate will require imprisonment and fines for Americans who can't afford to purchase insurance or pay hefty government penalties.
Wisconsin was embroiled in a "constitutional crisis" brought on by the Democratic senators fleeing the state for Illinois to block Gov. Scott Walker's budget-repair bill.
I never had a filibuster-proof Senate.
“I have filed every disclosure that has ever been required.”
Says President Barack Obama "has taken 92 days of vacation since he was sworn in," compared to 367 for President George W. Bush at the same point in his presidency.
English "is our national language...if it becomes official, that means in a place like New York City you can't print ballots in any other language."
California's prisons budget in 1970 "was about 3 percent of the general fund. Now, it's 8.9 percent, about $12 billion."
The Department of Veterans Affairs has "a manual out there telling our veterans stuff like, 'Are you really of value to your community?' You know, encouraging them to commit suicide."
The Russians "tried to hack the Republican National Committee, and they were unable to break through."
Says ending the direct payment farm subsidy program "could save up to $28.4 billion over ten years that could be used to reduce the deficit."
For every time the state gets paid a dollar in taxes (on gambling), somebody loses $6.
Forty percent of the guns in this country are sold without any background checks.
The health care bill will subsidize families of four that make more than $80,000 a year.
Says the proposed Texas Privacy Act "is very different from" North Carolina's law "in that theirs covers a whole list of things that the Texas Privacy Act does not."
Brookhaven homeowners pay hundreds of dollars less in property taxes compared with owners of the same-value homes in unincorporated DeKalb County.
Issue 2 makes it illegal for us to negotiate for enough firefighters to do the job.
Says Donald Trump "was a Democrat longer in the last decade than he was a Republican."
The Milwaukee County Board's staff grew from four workers to 38 over four decades and now costs taxpayers "a lot more," while the total county workforce was more than cut in half in the same period.
Says 94 percent of Wisconsin employers think the state "is heading in the right direction" and a majority say they will "grow their companies in 2012."
mostly false
Only "18 percent of jobs are accessible by transit for metro Atlanta residents. 33 percent for those living in the city."
Says military commanders have said that if Donald Trump were elected, "they would not follow his orders."
Baltimore spends the third highest per capita on its public schools.
Says we will pay the new chancellor "a basic salary of nearly $300,000 a year ... an amount that does not include the costs of this public employee's benefits, perks and living expenses for a lavish house, an upscale car, a spending allowance, and fine dining almost every day on the taxpayer dollar."
We've already lost $500 million in economic impact from HB2 fallout in North Carolina.
We built a new prison every 10 days between 1990 and 2005 to keep up with our mass incarceration explosion of nonviolent offenders.
The Southern Baptist Convention voted 13 years ago "that women were inferior and had to be subservient to their husbands."
Says 315,000 mostly minority Texas students are enrolled in failing schools.
Says only about 250 Texans have been killed in action since 9/11.
Says allegations that he made unwanted sexual advances on a female sheriff's deputy "were found by two separate judges to not have merit."
Says Donald Trump said of women, "And you can tell them to go f--- themselves."
I've taken on the federal government and won.
The "average taxpayer will see the equivalent of a 2 percent pay raise as a result of low fuel prices."
The tax on job creating businesses is 35 percent in the United States, second worst in the entire world.
Twenty-two million jobs were created during Clinton's two terms but only 3 million during Bush's.
$500 billion of the extension of the Bush tax cuts for the wealthy goes to 120,000 families.
Ten retired nuns were barred from voting in the 2008 Indiana Democratic primary.
Household income among Hispanic Americans has just set a new record high.
If you're from Syria and you're a Christian, you cannot come into this country as a refugee.
More Americans receive food aid than work in (the) private sector.
I opposed the only multilateral trade deal that came before the Senate while I was there.
The market is making this decision. The market has driven down the cost of coal, so you have companies going bankrupt.
In 2013 we had the largest, the best, private sector job growth we've had in this state since the 1990s.
A bill before the Georgia General Assembly would make presidential candidates meet citizenship requirements that are not in the U.S. Constitution.
The Walton family, which owns Wal-Mart, controls a fortune equal to the wealth of the bottom 42 percent of Americans combined.
Says that President Obama said if Congress passed the economic stimulus bill, "we would have unemployment at 8 percent and no higher. And it went higher."
The Great Lakes Compact has a loophole. And the loophole is that while you cannot remove the water in a big transport, you can remove it in containers of 5.7 gallons or less.
During the Reagan era, "the richest Americans had their top income tax rate cut in half."
Senator Obama has the most liberal voting record in the United States Senate.
Frankly, (Hillary Clinton) doesn't do very well with women.
Chicago city officials "have adopted an official policy of protecting criminal aliens who prey on their own residents."
Georgia has led the nation in student fatalities caused by motorists illegally passing stopped school buses.
Says the average government worker won't be impacted in the first two years under the reform of state health benefits.
University of Texas undergraduate student debt "is less than $21,000… probably one of the lowest debts across the nation."
Jim Dunnam "has not lived in the district he represents for years now."
Says Matt Wand has sided with anti-choice activists "to restrict access to reproductive health care services."
U.S. Senate candidate Jack Kingston "requested more earmarks than any other GA Congressman and all GA GOP members combined."
Says Sen. Sherrod Brown "cast the deciding vote on the government takeover of health care."
The Obama administration "manipulated deportation data to make it appear that the Border Patrol was deporting more illegal immigrants than the Bush administration."
Says President Barack Obama has said "that everybody should hate the police."
Says Michael Bennet wants to close Guantanamo Bay prison and bring terrorists "right here to Colorado."
Groups that receive foreign money are spending huge sums to influence American elections.
There are more than 46 million Americans living in poverty today -- the largest number in 54 years.
Before this law was passed, Americans were told they could keep their current health care plans. After it became law, the administration issued regulations stating nearly half of Americans would lose their current plan.
Two-thirds of our kids can't read at grade level.
There's not a major bill I know with Hillary's name on it.
After how hard you work and how much you pay in taxes, New York City ends up getting the money. I'm Chris Jacobs. I think it's time we have someone in Albany that's making sure our region gets our fair share
Says President Obama "has fired more cruise missiles than all other Peace Prize winners combined."
Our school test scores are right at the bottom.
Eric Schneiderman helped NXIVM sell child sex slaves to the Clintons
This president has offered fewer executive actions than almost any other president preceding his presidency in recent history.
Every dollar we invested in high-quality, early education programs can save more than $7 later on by boosting graduation rates, reducing teen pregnancy, even reducing crime.
Fifty-one percent -- that is, a majority of American households -- paid no income tax in 2009. Zero. Zip. Nada.
In annual surveys of Rhode Island communities that receive Drug Free community grants, many report that more than 50 percent of youth surveyed do not think daily marijuana use poses any serious risk of harm.
Woonsocket needs a garbage-burning power plant because "residents are paying through the nose for electricity that's fueled by foreign oil, at prices that are skyrocketing."
Under President Ronald Reagan, illegal immigrants "were not pouring in like" they are now.
Americans now spend 100 days out of the year working for government before we even start working for ourselves.
A 2013 state law would allow the operator of an iron ore mine in northern Wisconsin to "fill in pristine streams and ponds with mine waste."
The total unemployment rate for Hispanic or Latino workers has increased from 10% to 10.3% between January 2009 and March 2012.
Of minimum wage workers in Rhode Island "only 14 percent serve as sole income earner for their family."
Says Donald Trump promised "to take care of everybody (through government-run healthcare and) the government's going to pay for it."
Says Donald Trump "hasn't broken his promise" to release his tax returns.
Wisconsin still ranks first among the 50 states in manufacturing jobs per capita.
Fifty-three percent of graduates from liberal arts colleges these days can't find jobs.
(Assembly Democrats) wanted to raise the gas tax by $2.4 billion. We said no to that....They're down on the ground. They're sweating. They're twitching. It's ugly, ‘cause I keep saying no.
In six years, (U.S. Rep. Gary) Peters introduced zero bills that became law.
Bill Nelson "leased land that he owned for six cows, taking advantage of an agricultural tax loophole to dodge $43,000 in taxes just last year."
Said he won the Democratic primary "without one ... negative TV spot."
The Obama administration "even proposed banning farm kids from doing basic chores!"
The original compromise for the Confederate battle flag in South Carolina "was to put it on the back side of the statehouse, out of public view so it would not have any appearance of sovereignty."
Says that U.S. Sen. Marco Rubio says troops are leaving Iraq "too fast."
New Glarus Brewing Co.'s Spotted Cow is available only in Wisconsin.
What concerns me is there is only two sentences that have been written about minority business.
Obama plans "a tax increase for everyone earning more than $42,000 a year."
Says Josh Mandel opposed federal loans to the auto industry.
The Milwaukee County Board approved a reform package by a 15-3 vote, "meaning Board Supervisors' salaries will be cut by 20 percent" and "the Board's budget will be cut by 50 percent."
Our university campuses by federal law do not check the immigration status of their students just as our public schools don't.
The economy, by every metric, is better than when I came into office.
All private healthcare plans must conform to government rules to participate in a Healthcare Exchange.
Top U.S. intelligence officials have told "every member of Congress, including the president, we're about to be attacked in a serious way because (of) the threat emanating from Syria and Iraq."
The stimulus created "zero jobs."
We've had 11,000 attempts to amend the Constitution since 1789.
The immigration visa lottery "randomly hands out green cards without any regard for skill, merit, or the safety of American people."
There were "$2 billion in earmarks in fiscal year 2012."
I am the only senator who turned down the state pension plan for part-time legislators.
Says the federal government borrows "almost $60 billion per week."
Says Jeb Bush -- not Charlie Crist -- signed legislation that let Duke Energy collect money for nuclear projects.
Even our nuclear arsenal doesn't work. It came out recently they have equipment that is 30 years old. They don't know if it worked.
For the votes that we got, I think we spent, on average, two bucks a pop. Compared to 42 bucks for incumbent Milwaukee County Executive Chris Abele.
Sotomayor "ruled against the white firefighter — Ricci and other white firefighters — just on the basis that she thought women and minorities should be given a preference because of their skin color and because of the history of discrimination in the past. The law was totally disregarded."
In 2011, more people were murdered with knives, "hands or feet" or "clubs and hammers" than with any type of rifle.
We have been able to cut New York's uninsured rate in half since 2013 from 10 percent to 5 percent of our population.
Lawmakers were paid for their off-season efforts to, for the first time, take the lead in drawing borders for two would-be cities.
Says that three of these five Republicans -- Ben Westlund, Rob Patridge, Max Williams, Lane Shetterly, Lynn Lundquist -- later became Democrats.
In Milwaukee County, juveniles arrested for car theft "get sent immediately home, because under the point system in juvenile court" on holding suspects, "a stolen car gets zero points."
Says he has "yet to get a response" from Barack Obama to his August 2010 letter making border security requests.
The federal deficit would pay for 40 gallons of "New Hampshire maple syrup" for everyone in the United States.
The health bill's plan for comparative effectiveness research "would be used by the government to ration care."
Currently, it takes up to 25 years to obtain U.S. citizenship legally but the Senate bill "would allow immigrants who came to the United States illegally to obtain citizenship in just 13 years."
The Air Force wants taxpayers to fund a fantasy football league.
Says Adam Hasner "gives the wealthy tax breaks worth $250,000 a year but hikes middle class taxes $2,000."
The economy we preside over today is better than the one we inherited.
We have a federal government that thinks they have the authority to regulate our toilet seats.
Under Hillary Clinton, State Department "officials were sending official thank-yous to people who gave to the Clinton Foundation."
I've been outspent by my opponents every time I've run for U.S. Senate.
Seniors can be charged five times what anybody else is charged for health care for pre-existing conditions under the Republican health care bill.
Special education categorical aid from the state "hasn't been raised in over a decade."
Says he "cut taxes by more than $600 million" when he was governor.
The Constitution doesn't allow the governor to not-spend appropriations funds.
Says that politicians who approved collective bargaining restrictions for public employees "exploited a loophole exempting themselves from Senate Bill 5."
Says Donald Trump's tax plan gives the wealthy and corporations "more than the Bush tax cuts by at least a factor of two."
Says she "called for addressing risks of derivatives, cracking down on subprime mortgages and improving financial oversight" early on in the financial crisis.
Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton have changed their positions (on the Iraq war withdrawal) to follow Chris Dodd.
Tens of billions of dollars (from taxpayer-funded bailouts) ... flowed straight through AIG into the coffers of foreign corporations and foreign banks.
Wisconsin's state court agency "basically" has rented the same office space across from the Capitol "since 1974."
More than 80 percent of Georgians don't support legislation to ease gun restrictions in houses of worship, in bars and on campuses.
The Mueller investigation is "soon to be $20,000,000."
The Republican Party has "21 percent party ID and shrinking."
State Sen. Alberta Darling "voted to add more than $1 billion in additional spending" while cutting programs such as education and health care
Says Barack Obama promised to halve the deficit in his first term.
Republican candidate for governor "Karen Handel has run a 100 percent negative campaign."
A lot of people don't know that 50,000 Americans now make their living off eBay.
We just don't want to get to be like Louisiana, where you have drive-up daiquiri shops.
Says U.S. Senate hopeful Tammy Baldwin voted for a $1 trillion stimulus bill that included a wasteful "$800,000 to replace light bulbs."
The alternative to higher state worker pension and health care payments "is to look at 1,500 layoffs of state employees or close to 200,000 children who would be bumped off Medicaid-related programs."
Says it probably costs more than $300,000 to run for a seat on the Pedernales Electric Cooperative board of directors.
Alabama's Crimson Tide was disqualified from national championship.
Says $500 billion in Medicare cuts are coming.
Says 70,000 children "have lost their Head Start slots" because of the sequester.
David Perdue supports Common Core
The 2011-13 state budget "cuts overall funding for public schools by $1.6 billion"
In "reality," there have "been no problems whatsoever" with the Texas voter ID law.
I am "the only candidate for lieutenant governor to oppose in-state tuition for illegal immigrants."
We have been confronted with an unexpected storm that has hit the metropolitan area.
I don't know anything about David Duke.
We are not producing jobs. We created 80,000 jobs last month. We don't talk about the jobs that we lost. The net of it all is that we lost jobs.
Obamacare "is in what the actuaries call a death spiral."
If you rent a U-Haul to move your company, it costs twice as much to go from San Francisco to Austin than the other way around, because you can't find enough trucks to flee the Golden State.
Says the high-speed rail project provides "short-term jobs."
In the last 15 years, we've witnessed a dramatic expansion in the jailing of immigrants, from about 70,000 people detained annually to about 400,000.
Says the Koch Brothers sponsored "a study that shows that Medicare for All would save the American people $2 trillion over a 10-year period."
Says President Barack Obama "spent nearly a trillion dollars on make-work government jobs."
Says former Sen. Rick Santorum said, "Sometimes pregnancy is God's way of comforting rape victims."
Says he has sued the Obama administration 25 times.
In the past year, DeKalb has "attracted and retained more than 2,300 jobs."
mostly true
The Obama administration is using as its "legal justification for these airstrikes (on the Islamic State), an authorization for military force that the president himself has called for repeal of."
Teacher pay has increased under Republican leadership every year for the past 5 years. In fact, even according to the national teacher's unions own rankings, NC ranked number 2 in the U.S. for fastest rising teacher pay 2016-2017.
Democratic National Committee staffer Seth Rich "apparently was assassinated at 4 in the morning, having given WikiLeaks something like 53,000 emails and 17,000 attachments. ... It turns out, it wasn't the Russians."
We are "borrowing Saudi money for Saudi oil" with the result being "dependency and debt."
As usual, Hillary & the Dems are trying to rig the debates so 2 are up against major NFL games.
The Florida Legislature raised taxes and fees by almost $2 billion in the 2009 session.
Says Russ Feingold's "campaign is powered by small-dollar contributions like ours."
Crime rises in communities with casinos.
The United States Senate — Democrats and Republicans — (voted) to keep our government open.
Air travelers "can't get on a plane in the United States without someone doing a background check" on them.
Says Texas ranks last in the percentage of residents with high school diplomas.
A U.S. Government Accountability Office report says Planned Parenthood Federation of America cannot find some $1.3 billion given to it by the federal government from 2002 through 2008.
Shaheen votes with Obama 99 percent of the time.
States with the most gun laws tend to have the fewest gun deaths.
What I have done -- and this is unprecedented ... is I've said to each agency ... 'look at regulations that are already on the books and if they don't make sense, let's get rid of them.'
Says personal-injury trial lawyers "have provided over 80 percent of the funding for the Texas Democratic Party for over a decade."
Traditionally, presidential candidates release their tax returns . . . Mitt Romney still won't.
Says if the AHCA replaces Obamacare it will "significantly reduce insurance premiums in" North Carolina.
We have solved the problem. ... Scientists are now saying leave the nuclear waste where it is.
Studies are showing California's wildfires "are producing more emissions than all of our cars are doing."
Barack Obama wants to "restore" the estate tax that George W. Bush "repealed."
Foreign aid makes up about 1 percent of our entire budget.
Georgia lawmakers fuel up for the session by feasting on "wild" hogs.
On opposing citizenship for illegal immigrants
Says that PolitiFact Ohio confirms that Betty Sutton "maxed out federal debt"
Taxpayers pay $18,000 a month for House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's district office in downtown San Francisco.
Ted Cruz "helps run two national organizations that have been leading the push to give amnesty to illegal immigrants."
Biden was responsible for "ending genocide in Bosnia."
Solar panels drain the sun's energy.
On ISIS, (Michael Bennet) chose the (Washington) insiders over our generals.
Monarch butterflies are becoming extinct because of increased use of crops genetically modified to withstand pesticides.
More people in this country have seen UFOs than I think approve of George Bush's presidency.
Says a group "estimates that the annual cost to Oregon taxpayers for government services to illegal aliens, after any income tax revenue from them, is $1 billion."
A lot of people are still dealing with lack of access to health care. There are counties out there, in my former Senate district, that didn't have doctors and providers.
Says Will Hurd "cosponsored a bill that would militarize our border and allow 200 miles of new roads to be built in the Big Bend region -- cutting up our beloved park."
The first round of stimulus ... it created zero jobs.
Says U.S. Rep. Mimi Walters "votes with Donald Trump 99 percent of the time."
Since sequester began federal employment has been subtracting 6,000-7,000 jobs per month
Middle-class Americans "pay a higher tax rate than millionaires and billionaires."
Says his GOP challenger, Doug MacGinnitie, "hadn't voted in a Republican primary for almost 20 years until 2008.
Our median household income in 2013 was the highest in the nation.
Today, the Social Security system is broke.
Charlie Crist "raised taxes in 2009 and won't rule out raising taxes again."
Medicare costs have slowed down dramatically. In fact, the first two months of this fiscal year, Medicare costs were down even in nominal terms relative to the previous year.
Georgia could get money for schools by scraping “the gold off the gold dome” of the state Capitol.
Harris County, Texas has "some of the highest jailing and incarceration rates in the U.S. and the world."
Says professional football coach Rex Ryan "won championships in New York. The AFC, I think, twice."
Says Milwaukee County district attorney candidate Verona Swanigan "has worked as a prosecutor."
Since I took office, we've created 76,800 jobs.
We cut property taxes for seniors and our middle class.
New York has "among the highest tax burdens of any state in the nation"
Children born today will carry a $30,000 share of the national debt.
Jeff Greene on why he went Cuba.
Says Mark Neumann = Nancy Pelosi
There are about 350,000 people who succeed in crossing our borders illegally each year.
Says Tony Evers will "raise property taxes, raise income taxes and raise gas taxes by as much as a dollar a gallon."
The deficit this year could pay "all of the 2013 salaries of every professional baseball player for the next 248 years."
Says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker turned a $1 billion surplus into a $2.2 billion budget deficit.
If the CBO was right about Obamacare to begin with, there'd be 8 million more people on Obamacare today than there actually are. … Sometimes we ask them to do stuff that they're not capable of doing.
Says the state is required "pick up 70 percent of the cost" of K-12 education.
Jesus was an undocumented immigrant.
One out of every five law enforcement officers that's killed is killed with an assault weapon.
ISIS is "going to people showing videos of Donald Trump insulting Islam and Muslims in order to recruit more radical jihadists."
As a result of Chris Sununu's vote against a Planned Parenthood contract, "nearly 3,000 fewer" women and families statewide accessed health care for birth control, cancer screenings and annual exams.
A new college tuition reciprocity agreement with Minnesota "makes college education more affordable for Wisconsin residents."
The minute the president speaks about it to someone, he has the ability to declassify anything at any time without any process.
More people without health care since George Bush took office; more children in poverty since George Bush took office.
One of the key things about Leonard Lance is that in 2008, when you look at [the] Project Vote Smart website, he was not for guns. Now he has gone too far to the right, saying that you can carry concealed weapons in national parks.
Last year, Obama "administration officials released into our neighborhoods more than 36,000 criminal immigrants who had nearly 88,000 convictions. The crimes included hundreds of convictions for murder, rape and kidnapping and thousands of drug-related crimes."
Says one year later, "the coalition to defeat ISIS has liberated very close to 100 percent of the territory just recently held by these killers in Iraq and Syria."
Ms. Kagan has spent her entire professional career in Harvard Square, Hyde Park and the D.C. Beltway.
On job creation numbers in the latest Start-Up NY report: "This is a significant number of overcounts in the compilation that I've looked at."
What Republicans call the "death tax" is the estate tax "on the ultra wealthy" which, in 2016, was paid by only "two out of every 1,000 people."
One of the other inaccuracies ... is that we have raised taxes multiple times and run up the budget. Absolutely not true. One tax increase since I've been in office. It was a quarter mill tax in the unincorporated area only.
A referendum "gives the people the chance to decide" on cutting the Milwaukee County Board budget by two-thirds
Says signs posted at projects funded by the federal stimulus act has cost "20 or 40 million" dollars.
Says "you cannot implement Paul Ryan's plan without allowing for any increases in revenue."
Bill Gates Outlines 2018 Plan To Depopulate The Planet.
The state of Georgia has lost 200,000 total jobs and 50,000 construction jobs since May 2007.
After the debate that we had last week, PolitiFact came out and said that everything I said was true.
Welcome to Wisconsin road signs have "always been made in Wisconsin," but Scott Walker "is outsourcing them" to an out-of-state company and "paying more money for them."
The federal Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is "collecting financial information, monitoring financial information of millions of Americans" without their knowledge and "storing it for up to 10 years."
For every $1 spent on mitigation, $4 in post-storm cleanup and rebuilding is saved.
Using a surcharge on the cigarette tax to help pay for a new downtown sports arena "is not feasible under state law."
Says Gov. Scott Walker said "no to equal pay for equal work for women."
State lawmakers are spending taxpayer money for parking that billionaire Arthur Blank could build while paying some state employees so little they are on food stamps.
Because of (the 1994 crime bill), we had a 25-year low in crime, a 33-year low in the murder rate, and listen to this, because of that and the background check law, a 46-year low in the deaths of people of gun violence.
Kelly Ayotte voted to give big oil more than $20 billion in tax breaks.
Obama's one education accomplishment was "legislation to teach 'comprehensive sex education' to kindergartners."
Says Obama called Sarah Palin a pig.
It begins: Florida police now confiscating guns from people with no due process.
Treasury Department's inspector general found "there's $4 billion a year in excess payments" going to people that shouldn't get them. "These are mostly Mexicans."
I never said I was on the Falkland Islands.
A sitting sheriff cannot be charged except by a warrant issued by a Superior Court judge.
Public employees receive "something like 25 percent of the paychecks that are issued in Rhode Island."
Pre-existing conditions are covered under my (health care) plan.
National debt plus unfunded liabilities adds up to $520,000 per American household.
... study after study has shown that the death penalty deters murders.
Accuses President Barack Obama of making contradictory claims about efforts to kill Osama bin Laden in 2008 and 2011.
Young women today in metropolitan areas who are childless and single are out-earning childless, single young males.
The U.S. spends $4 billion on research and development for energy, while spending $350 billion on oil from foreign countries, "many of whom are our enemies."
Thirty million Americans, including a lot of people in Florida, are going to be able to get healthcare next year because of that law.
Says Maine Democrat Jared Golden "supports using your Social Security to fund other government programs."
The only time government employment has gone down during a recession has been under me.
Every time you buy an airline ticket, the federal government runs a background check on you.
Says that in Curry County, "if you make a 911 call you're likely to wait for an hour for a response."
“The largest tax increase that we have ever had in our state is yours – it is the business margins tax that you signed, governor.”
Says John Kitzhaber wants a sales tax so people without jobs pay taxes.
DACA was "a mere memo from the Department of Homeland security under Barack Obama, which violated the laws."
Romneycare covers abortion, illegal immigrants and has a public option. Obamacare does not.
Cell phone numbers go public this month.
This (Independent Payment Advisory Board) board can ration care and deny certain Medicare treatments so Washington can fund more wasteful spending.
Montana Democratic Sen. Jon Tester is "the largest recipient of lobbyist money."
Nearly 70 percent of all federal spending will go towards Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid in fiscal year 2014.
Says Rep. Renee Ellmers voted for the government shutdown 21 times.
Finance experts estimate that paying in cash for the $2.5 billion in projects funded by the sales tax saved Gwinnett County more than $1 billion in interest payments.
The cost of the food stamp program is at an all-time high.
We just fought a Republican budget that ends Medicare as we know it.
I used my line-item veto authority to veto $360 million dollars in special interest spending, so that our budget this year ... is still smaller than the fiscal year 2008 and 2009 budgets signed by my predecessor.
Says Scott Walker "has taken money away from internet expansion in our state."
President Obama and Democrats' spending addiction has driven our national debt to historic proportions, maxed out our national credit card and has now led to the Democrat Downgrade of our country's AAA credit rating.
Gov. Rick Scott cut the cost of prepaid college tuition by nearly $20,000.
The United States has "the most number of deductions available to corporations" for the corporate income tax.
She (Kagan) took money from Goldman Sachs just like her boss, Obama.
On a timetable to withdraw from Iraq.
Says there are "concrete examples" of University of Texas job applicants or prospective applicants and students as well as invited speakers changing their minds because of handguns being allowed in campus buildings and classrooms.
The proposed Gogebic mine in northern Wisconsin "could be extended as long as 21 miles."
When I left Washington, we had a $5 trillion surplus.
Today, the United States has, sadly, one of the lowest voter turnouts of any major country on earth.
We're $15 trillion now in debt, with a president that's racked up as much debt as almost all of the other presidents combined.
Says he signed legislation leading to 12 Texas abortion clinics being closed.
During the Bush administration, liberal groups were targeted by the IRS, similar to recent targeting.
Says the U.S. Department of Homeland Security must report to about 100 congressional committees and subcommittees.
You could lose your rights for life over something as simple as driving with a suspended license in Florida.
Surface temperatures on Earth "have stabilized."
Wisconsin employers have repeatedly said in surveys that our anti-business litigation climate is one of the most important factors affecting their expansion decisions.
Before I was governor, tuition was skyrocketing and we stopped that. We capped and then we froze college tuition.
Says Obama broke his promise to help homeowners facing foreclosure.
Bill O'Reilly in critical condition after being attacked by ‘tolerant' liberals.
The Seattle Times called Patty Murray "a 'prolific sponsor of earmarks.' Patty even defended the 'Bridge to Nowhere.' "
Most state employees could pay twice as much toward their health care premiums and it would still be half the national average
New Jersey today has fewer employees in state government than it had when Christie Whitman left office in January of 2001, and I think that's good. And we did it without any layoffs. We did it through attrition.
We got $6 billion for opioid and getting rid of that scourge that's taking over our country. And the numbers are way down.
Despite claims that you can 'keep the health care plan you like,' the Obama Administration has predicted that as many as 7 out of 10 Americans with employer-provided health coverage could lose their current health plan.
Their New York casino deal was called ‘rigged' and ‘corrupt.'
The murder rate in Atlanta is on the rise this year.
The nation as a whole has created jobs at a rate that is two times the rate that we have created jobs here in Wisconsin under Gov. Walker.
In Texas, "the No. 1 name for new male babies — many of whom will vote one day — is Jose."
Guantanamo Bay detainees will get the H1N1 vaccine.
(My dad) used to campaign against the gas-guzzling dinosaurs.
From 2014 to 2015, Austin's "murder rate is up a whopping 83 percent."
[R]emember, the president proposed eliminating charitable deductions for higher-income taxpayers.
Says Gwen Graham "was a Washington lobbyist."
Police find 19 white female bodies in freezers with ‘Black Lives Matter' carved into skin.
Every survey shows strong satisfaction with private coverage.
On support for gay marriage.
The most private question on this year's form asks for an individual's race, and that question has been asked by every census since the 1790 census conducted under then-President George Washington.
Obama, Biden and their liberal allies oppose clean coal.
Under changes being debated, state employees in Wisconsin "who earn $30,000, $40,000, $50,000 a year might have 20 percent of their income just disappear overnight."
Georgia is "the Saudi Arabia of pine trees."
There are "850,000 Ohio jobs tied to the auto industry."
California To Register Illegal Aliens To Vote – Automatically.
Says at his confirmation hearing Brett Kavanaugh said birth control methods could be considered "abortion-inducing drugs."
When Mitt Romney was governor of Massachusetts, we didn't just slow the rate of growth of our government, we actually cut it.
Social science is irrefutable that children are better off being raised by a mom and a dad.
A Trump fan was just charged with trying to murder Maxine Waters on same day Trump threatened her.
Says Sen. John McCain was "caught making highly illegal phone call to foreign country."
At $587 apiece, USA would need to bring home about 33.1 BILLION gold medals to pay off our national debt.
Most of the black scientists in this country don't come from schools like the University of Texas. They come from lesser schools.
Appalachian Power Company is making "record profits."
Mayor Giuliani's lawsuit killed the line-item veto.
An annual income of $500,000 "in Manhattan, believe it or not, is middle class."
We have unemployment that rivals the Great Depression.
One of George Soros' companies has provided some of the (voting) machines for some states.
Obama has admitted a cap and trade plan would cause electricity bills to "skyrocket."
Pinnacle Overlook in Southwest Virginia is "closer to eight other state capitals than to Richmond."
Says Goldman Sachs CEO said Congress would "have to cut Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid and give huge tax breaks to the wealthy and the large corporations."
On redistricting.
Right now, here in Texas, wind power is already cheaper than dirty fossil fuels.
Says President Barack Obama "has put (up) a stop sign … against oil drilling, against any kind of exploration offshore or in Alaska."
Dave Brat said "the best way to fix Social Security would be to give seniors back what they paid in and no more."
Says Obama has never submitted a budget, and Congress has worked for two years without passing one.
A ham and cheese sandwich on one slice of bread is the responsibility of the USDA ... But a ham and cheese sandwich on two slices of bread is the responsibility of the Food and Drug Administration.
Twenty million Americans are out of work.
In 2012, Connie Mack missed 178 votes, "one of the worst voting records" in Congress.
Says Bill Clinton "spent $3 billion and got nothing. And (North Korea) started making nuclear weapons a day later."
Says U.S. Rep. John Carter "hasn't held a town hall in five years."
Texas is one of only a handful of states that does not have an equal pay law.
Claims that Democratic candidate for governor Matt Flynn "told one child predator to ‘wait and see,' when he should have turned him in to authorities."
Says "we had to cut 13 billion dollars in state spending over two years."
Says Tallahassee "is experiencing a five-year low in our crime rate."
Says the federal government "mandates transexuals (sic) and homosexuals grabbing children in their stranger-danger zones in the name of airport security."
Says "while state leaders have cut funding for our schools and other basic priorities, the amount of money the state is projected to give away through tax breaks increased by a whopping $3.4 billion."
Drilling for oil on the Outer Continental Shelf and in parts of Alaska will "immediately reduce our dangerous dependence on foreign oil."
Donald Trump to issue an executive order to ban Facebook across U.S.
Says Gov. Scott Walker's proposed state budget contained 110 pages of errors -- an unusually high number -- "and millions of dollars' worth of mistakes" that were corrected with a follow-up document.
Most U.S. foreign assistance ... is given to U.S. companies and nonprofits in the form of contracts and grants.
Says Charlie "Crist made it easier for Duke to take your money."
If you put the $47 billion in revenue (raised over 10 years by the Buffett rule) into infrastructure you could create 611,000 infrastructure jobs.
Taxes on groceries and medicine will rise under a plan to improve roads and rail for metro Atlanta.
Says Republican candidates in key Wisconsin Assembly races "side with those who want to privatize Social Security -- and risk our retirements on Wall Street."
H.B. 194, the Voter Suppression Bill, invalidates a vote where a voter properly marks the ballot in support of a particular candidate, but also writes in the name of that same candidate.
My husband has not withheld a single document.
Says, "Yet in Salem they have traditionally waited until the money is almost gone to pay for the most important things in our state's budget."
If we got solar energy from "an area of the Southwestern desert 100 miles on a side, that would be enough, in and of itself, to provide 100 percent of all the electricity needs for the United States of America in a full year."
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has "no congressional oversight."
We've seen the increase of alcohol use for underage kids even though alcohol has been illegal ... for kids under 21.
All the talk about socialism during the campaign made young people more interested in it by Election Day.
Says Christopher Little has "a history of working against environmental protection by defending the worst types of corporate polluters"
A ban on earmarks greatly weakens the authority Congress has over spending, to the benefit of the executive branch.
Says Charlie Crist and Missouri Rep. Todd Akin "hold same abortion views. No exception except the life of the mother."
After Texas cut its "two-year family planning budget by $73 million, one in four clinics closed their doors."
13,000 Floridians are able to vote -- but their governor won't tell them.
Countries bombed: Obama 7, Bush 4
Says Barack Obama broke a decades-old policy of "not negotiating with terrorists."
The Florida House is "holding the FINAL public hearing" of a controversial education bill in the middle of spring break..."when they hope (teachers) are not watching or listening."
USA is #1 in gun violence.
President Barack Obama "ordered our military to enlist illegal aliens."
Says "Claire McCaskill voted for 100 percent of President Obama's judicial nominees."
Gov. Rick Scott signed into law a bill that gives Florida's public officials an easy way to avoid disclosing their personal finances.
In the Alabama Senate runoff, "the candidate I endorsed (Luther Strange) went up MANY points after endorsement!"
Mitt Romney said we should let foreclosures "hit the bottom."
We are imprisoning or giving jail sentences to young people who are smoking marijuana.
If parents "don't have health insurance that Senator Obama wants them to have (for their children), they will be fined."
Countries with a higher minimum wage than the United States' $7.25 an hour include Denmark at $21, Australia at $15.81, Germany at $11 and France at $12.35.
Ninety-five percent of Oregonians now have health insurance coverage, tens of thousands for the very first time.
Says Scott Bruun "still believes in the same old direction that George Bush had before, which is to privatize Social Security."
Clean energy employs "more than half a million Californians. That's nearly ten times more the number of coal mining jobs that exist in the entire nation."
Says Mark Kirk "called for the mass arrest of 18,000 African Americans" and "was apparently fine with Trump's #StillTooRacist call for mass deportation."
Paying for a hotel room is not a gift or a present and it has nothing to do with an office. It's not an emolument.
President Trump has passed more legislation in his first 100 days than any president since Harry Truman.
More than 25 million Americans are unemployed. More than 50 million live without health insurance. Perhaps 100 million live in poverty.
Health care reform legislation is “likely to mandate free ‘sex change' surgeries.”
Statistics show one male cat can father 420,000 kittens in five years.
Says Mitt Romney said he does not "line up with the NRA."
We have the highest per-pupil cost in the country.
91 percent of Latinos support the DREAM Act, which allows undocumented youth to attend college, but Marco Rubio opposes it.
Anyone who knows you can just look it up to "see if you voted."
Says six studies verify that the math adds up for Mitt Romney's tax plan.
Iran President Hassan "Rouhani has more Cabinet members with Ph.D.s from American universities" than members of Barack Obama's Cabinet.
Between 2010 and 2014, there was no net in-migration from Mexico.
We currently have one guy who is in charge of painting the entire Milwaukee County parks system.
There is a big correlation between third grade reading level and whether you go to college or whether you go to prison. And in Florida right now only 56 percent of kids are coming out of third grade at third grade reading level.
Within a few years, we will be spending more on interest payments than on national security.
There are communities under Sharia law right now in our country. Up in Illinois. ... There's Sharia law, as I understand it, in Illinois, Indiana -- up there. I don't know.
The son-in-law of the president met with Russian officials at the Trump Tower after having them come in the back door.
Says Barack Obama has pension investments that include Chinese firms, and "investments through a Caymans trust."
Forty cents of every dollar being spent by the federal government is being borrowed from my children.
Eighty-five percent of government's running right now. Only 15 percent of government spending is shut down.
To pay for government growth, leaders of both parties "borrowed $4 billion a day, leaving us with today's $14 trillion debt."
I have introduced balanced budgets every year that I've been governor.
In New York, when she ran for reelection, she carried 58 of our 62 counties. George Bush had won 40 counties in New York just two years earlier.
Eliminating the state tax on health savings accounts will "make it easier for small business owners to provide health insurance to their employees."
He has "ushered in $3 billion in new investment."
Says Paul Ryan is leading the effort to "pass a tax bill with divisive conception language by disguising it as a college savings plan" in "another attempt to ban abortion and rob women of their reproductive rights."
Conservative groups have spent $5 million "against" Tammy Baldwin -- five times more than against all other Democratic U.S. Senate incumbents up for election in 2018 combined.
Congressman McCollum voted to dismantle Social Security.
Gas prices have gone up $2 since Obama took office.
The Wisconsin school voucher program "has no research that shows that it's going to improve student learning."
Says "Every year air pollution protections are delayed, another 34,000 people will die prematurely."
Says U.S. Rep. Tammy Baldwin is backing President Barack Obama's plan to pass a $1.5 trillion tax increase.
There are more Hoosiers going to work than ever before.
More than 9,000 Rhode Island voters used the Moderate Party master lever mechanism and they didn't have a single Moderate on their ballot.
Look, we are at war with these people and they don't wear uniforms. … This is a war against people that are vicious, violent people, that we have no idea who they are, where they come from. We are allowing tens of thousands of them into our country now.
When Social Security was passed, there were all kinds of lawsuits, just as there have been in the legal battle over the new health care law.
Alabamians "haven't changed their opinion" on same-sex marriage since voting to ban it in 2006.
Republicans Looking To Cut Social Security As Much As 50 percent Immediately.
The 5-4 decisions the Supreme Court reaches "are going up."
Says only four Texas legislators voted against a law giving in-state tuition rates to certain illegal immigrants.
Says Alex Sink supported "higher property taxes."
Says bag litter increased after San Francisco banned single-use shopping bags.
Only a few months ago the FBI arrested three Broward County Commissioners for accepting millions of dollars in trade for illegal favors.
Every day over 450,000 Americans sit in jail not because they've been convicted of anything, but because they are too poor to pay bail & don't have high powered attorneys.
At the moment, energy companies spend 0.25 percent on R&D.
Seven years later, (Scott Walker) has not hit his first campaign promise of creating 250,000 jobs.
On my first day in office, I ordered a review of every regulation in the pipeline and every contract exceeding $1 million.
The United States is "number 14, number 15" in college graduation rates, and "we're leading the world in high school dropout rates."
The United States is now the No. 1 energy producer in the world. That happened just recently.
Florida "unemployment has dropped more than 2 percentage points, down from 12 percent to 9.9 percent, the second-largest drop in the nation."
The Jewish holiday Purim is "their version of Halloween here."
Says he didn't tell viewers that the Obama campaign hid news about the motives behind the attack in Benghazi because Obama was running for re-election.
In campaigns in the past with Sen. McCain and President George W. Bush and others, they have tended to release tax records in April.
There are 278 Republicans in Congress. (With Eric Cantor's defeat), they are now all Christian and all white except for one black senator, who was appointed.
Ganley said that if elected, he wants to ‘cut the dickens' out of Social Security, Medicare and Veterans' benefits.
Chicago now has the highest employment in the private sector in the history of the city.
Every dropout costs us $72,000 for the life of that person.
The middle class can be defined to include those with income between roughly $20,000 and $60,000.
FDR was called a socialist and a communist.
Milwaukee police and firefighters "are routinely getting 4 percent raises annually while everybody else is either getting zero or one percent raises."
Says "Gary Johnson and the Libertarian Party want to get rid of the public school system."
After World War II, we tried, convicted, and, in some cases, executed Japanese soldiers for war crimes that included charges of waterboarding.
(Dennis) Richardson wants to make drastic cuts to services we depend on: schools, home care for seniors, even public safety -- all so Richardson can keep more than $440 million in unspent funds for his political priorities."
Maggie Hassan "missed nearly every university system board meeting."
Says Alex Sink "supported higher sales taxes."
The GOP's "Pledge to America" includes "a 20 percent cut ... for education. ... Eight million kids would have their college aid slashed under this budget."
The passage of the teacher tenure bill in the Fla. Legislature was like the health care bill in Congress because one party jammed it through.
The Human Rights Campaign is "more powerful than the NRA."
In Wisconsin, a woman only earns 80 cents for every $1 a man earns.
Republican "sabotage" cost 3.2 million people coverage in 2017.
Says U.S. Senate rival Tommy Thompson said he wants to "do away with Medicare."
Says Jacky Rosen "voted against stopping criminals from re-entering the United States."
A new ruling by the EPA would force dairy farmers to comply with the Spill Prevention, Control and Countermeasure Program when dealing with spilt milk -- the same regulations oil and natural gas producers must follow.
Says Ted Cruz said, "There is no place for gays or atheists in my America. None. Our Constitution makes that clear."
U.S. Sen. Saxby Chambliss votes more with Democrats than with conservatives.
Says Scott Walker cut "taxes for the wealthiest" and raised taxes "on 140,000 Wisconsin families."
Breaking: Michelle Wolf fired -- Comedy Central apologizes to Sarah Sanders.
Says Gloria Steinem once called Kay Bailey Hutchison a "female impersonator."
In New Mexico, Democratic gubernatorial candidate Diane Denish "spent federal stimulus funds on campaign Christmas cards."
Herman Cain is a "pro-choice candidate."
U.S. Rep. John Barrow of Georgia has helped support the implementation of "Obamacare."
On the president unilaterally authorizing a military attack "that does not involve stopping an actual or imminent threat to the nation."
Nonpartisan experts have consistently ranked Claire one of the most independent senators — right in the middle.
Six institutions in our country now control two thirds of the capital.
Under a new law, doctors performing drug-induced abortions could be charged if women don't return to them for follow-up care
Decriminalizing marijuana "will save the state anywhere from $4 (million) to $11 million dollars."
To comply with non-discrimination laws, the government is "forcing people in business to make wedding cakes" for anyone.
Thomas Paine wrote that ‘the duty of a patriot is to protect his country from his government.'
By any measure, New Jersey has one of the most segregated school systems in the country.
It is a "myth" that "per-student funding only rose by 47 cents this year."
An average of nine children a day in the U.S. die of gunshot wounds.
Under the Republican health care repeal proposal North Carolina faces the 2nd highest premium increase in the nation. North Carolina residents will face an average cost increase of over $7,500.
The government is going to tell Americans they need to replace functioning stoves in their homes with 'government-certified' stoves and use taxpayer dollars to do so.
I never said Russia did not meddle in the election.
Says LeBron James "stops paying his Social Security taxes at the beginning of the second quarter of the first game of the season."
The economy always does better when there's a Democrat in the White House.
Former Gov. Rick Perry signed a law that a federal court said was actually written with the purpose of discriminating against minority voters.
We've rebuilt China.
Discretionary spending went up 84 percent in the last two years
Under the new health care law, "the first person (a) patient has to go to is a bureaucrat. That is called a panel."
Says that President Obama said, "Nobody made these guys go to war. ... Now they whine about bearing the costs of their choice?"
Says Stephen F. Austin and James Bowie promoted slavery.
Says GOP Senate nominee Darryl Glenn said he wants to see Ted Cruz appointed to the U.S. Supreme Court.
Tells President Barack Obama that he also asked former President George W. Bush about how he felt about Americans hating him.
Winning enough pledged delegates is "not impossible."
Even though Chicago has "the most stringent gun laws on the books," it still "has the highest murder rate" in the country.
Taxes and fees amount to about 20 percent of a typical $300 round-trip domestic ticket. That's higher than taxes on products like alcohol, tobacco and firearms.
Says U.S. Rep. Steve Southerland "voted to keep the shutdown going."
At Texas A&M University, only 49 out of 3,000 faculty members brought in enough money to pay for their salaries and overhead over the past five years.
Pat Toomey "still supports privatizing Social Security."
Says U.S. Senate candidate Joni Ernst does not support "a national minimum wage."
Mexico is providing professional charter buses for the migrant caravan.
Multnomah County has faced "11 straight years" of cuts
The median net worth of American households hasn't changed much over the past decades, it's about $20,000 ... but Congress' average median net worth has ballooned, more than doubled.
"The vast majority of the money I got was from small donors all across the country.''	false"
Says Ovide Lamontagne wants to eliminate kindergarten.
Says comprehensive immigration reform "will add $700 billion to our economy."
McCain will give more tax breaks to big oil.
While Phil Bredesen was in the governor's office, the number of Tennesseans on unemployment nearly doubled.
The largest enterprise in the world is the federal government of the United States of America
Says GOP U.S. Rep. Sean Duffy of Wisconsin "voted twice to end Medicare."
Currently, half a million Floridians have Alzheimer's disease, and in less than 10 years, a 40 percent growth rate means that another 200,000 Floridians will develop this devastating illness.
Says she will "work to raise the federal minimum wage back to the highest level it's ever been — $12 an hour in today's dollars."
We spend less on defense today as % of GDP than at any time since Pearl Harbor.
The GOP health care plan "would allow health insurance companies to continue engaging in unfair and discriminatory practices like denying coverage to people because of a pre-existing medical condition."
Says Rick Perry cut taxes.
We're building a nearly $40-billion natural gas pipeline, which is North America's largest and most expensive infrastructure project ever.
(George) Soros Provides Migrants With Prepaid Debit Cards To Fund Illegal Journeys
We have the fourth highest in-state tuition for public universities in the country.
Says Andrew Gillum has presided over "the highest crime in Florida four years running."
US President D. Trump Approves Scholarship for 50,000 African Student to Study in USA 2018 ​
A cashier earning $20,000 per year pays the same (Virginia) income tax rate as a hedge fund manager earning $20 million per year.
As a result of National Rifle Association and other private-sector (safety-education) programs, fatal firearms accidents are at the lowest level in 100 years.
Speakers at the Democratic National Convention made "zero mentions of the global terrorist threat posed by ISIS."
Says veterans' disability claims backlog doubled in Obama's first term.
Calling for the assassination of the president is a federal crime.
We have doubled the distance our cars will go on a gallon of gas.
The tuitions in Virginia colleges...have doubled -- 100 percent -- in the last 10 years.
Recently, Florida has successfully reduced the environmental permitting time down to just two days.
Says President Barack Obama delivered $2 billion to Brazil to help with offshore drilling projects.
Mayor Tom Barrett's policies drove unemployment up 27 percent in Milwaukee, pushing it to "one of America's 10 worst cities for unemployment."
There are more pain clinics in Broward County than there are McDonald's in Broward County.
Bill Clinton presided over "the biggest expansion of the American economy since World War II."
The GOP's health bill will protect people with pre-existing conditions "every bit as well as Obamacare did."
The streetcar project planned by Mayor Tom Barrett would be a "1900s style trolley."
The path to ObamaCare becoming law all started with Charlie Crist supporting President Obama's $787 billion stimulus.
The administration raises revenue for nationalized health care through a series of new taxes, including a light switch tax that would cost every American household $3,128 a year.
Says Hillary Clinton aide Huma Abedin has "ties to the Muslim Brotherhood."
The debt ceiling deal will result in "the lowest level of annual domestic spending since Dwight Eisenhower was president."
McCain Trying to Have it Both Ways on Iraq
Geithner still didn't correct the same type of error for some years, even after the Internal Revenue Service flagged him for the failure to pay the taxes in other years.
We got to a point that our Air Force pilots were going to museums to find spare parts over the last eight years under Barack Obama.
Says "nearly 30,000" federal employees in Oregon were furloughed during the government shutdown.
Stimulus money funded a government board that made recommendations that would cost 378,000 jobs and $28.3 billion in sales.
Mitt Romney "said it was 'tragic' to end the war in Iraq."
Eight out of the nine states with competitive Senate races, Hispanics make up less than 10 percent of the electorate.
Says that "when Congressman (Steve) Cohen took office in 2007, the unemployment rate was at 4.8 percent. The unemployment rate in Shelby County has reached 9.7 percent."
The border security plan of Sens. McCain and Kyl called for 3,000 additional troops to keep us safe. President Obama says he'll send 524.
Four balanced budgets in a row, with no new taxes for anyone. The best job growth in 12 years. Nearly 130,000 new private-sector jobs. Merit pay to reward New Jersey's best teachers, and the most education funding ever.
The Washington D.C.-area "never has a recession."
This is the first time in our state, and one of the first times in the country, where benefit reductions . . . has happened to people who are retired.
Since Debbie Halvorson has been in politics, Illinois has lost hundreds of thousands of jobs.
Right now, 50 percent of Florida students leaving high school cannot read at grade level.
Americans now "support strikes (against ISIS) but the support for ground troops is not there. The support is very thin."
The only people in this town that have voted to cut Medicare spending are the people who voted in favor of Obamacare. That's a fact.
Says "Bill Pascrell voted to eliminate all estate taxes for billionaires, and I voted no."
Says he could be "the first president in modern history to be outspent."
An effort to repeal voting-reform legislation would be "the first time in Ohio history where a bill has been passed to stop a referendum."
Breaking: 3 liberal celebrities arrested for conspiracy to assassinate President Trump.
Says Charlotte Nash "pretends to be a chicken farmer" in order to get property tax exemptions.
Instead of fighting ISIS, (the Saudis) have focused more on a campaign to oust Iran-backed Houthi rebels in Yemen.
Mitch McConnell was one of the few senators that voted after Tiananmen Square not to have punitive actions against China for human rights violations.
Says Dan Sullivan approved a "light sentence" for a sex offender who got out of prison and is now charged with a gruesome murder and sexual assault.
Easing school lunch regulations "is not reducing the nutritional standards whatsoever."
Patrick Murphy voted for Obamacare in 2010, "yet he reversed himself and voted to delay" the employer mandate and the individual mandate.
Says Marco Rubio said that "felons should not have their voting rights restored" but that "convicted felons should be allowed to own guns after they have done their time."
President Obama and Nancy Pelosi said "Obamacare" would save money because "they factored in 10 years worth of tax revenue and only six and half years worth of expenses."
I've spent 20 years devoted to working on behalf of families who are having a tough time and are seeking out the American dream.
The top 10 most well-paid CEOs in America received a combined $770 million in 2010, while the average American worker's wage rose just 2 percent.
Rick Perry "has advocated abandoning Social Security, scuttling Medicaid and ending the federal income tax."
(Jeb) Bush, not the State of Florida, decided which private emails to disclose.
Says Mitt Romney has said "we don't need 'more firemen, more policemen, more teachers.' "
Northern Virginia is the most "heavily trafficked place in the country."
I did not say that I would not have them [Muslims] in my Cabinet.
U.S. Rep. Bill Young "has accepted $737,000 from lobbyists and recipients of his earmarks."
Our last budget committed the highest level of need-based financial aid in state history.
Under President Barack Obama, the United States has "doubled our exports."
Says "if the (Iran nuclear) deal gets rejected, they still get" $150 billion.
Says a Washington Post reporter is "calling to find out if anyone at this address is a female between the ages of 54 to 57 years old willing to make damaging remarks about candidate Roy Moore" for up to $7,000.
Twenty percent of our electricity currently comes from nuclear power plants. I think there are 104 in the United States, two of them around the coast in California.
Hollywood actor Bruce Willis: ‘Trump is the best US president ever, anyone who dislikes him should move to...
Breaking: Muslim New Jersey Mayor just banned the word ‘Christmas.'
ISIS is "right now crucifying Christians in Iraq, literally nailing Christians to trees."
Says his father-in-law, former Gov. Linwood Holton, "integrated Virginia public schools."
Says state Rep. Patrick Rose votes 90 percent with liberals, backed the state's largest tax increase, proposed nearly $15 billion in government spending and supported "Obama-style government-run health care system for Texas."
Says state Sen. Paul Sarlo "said in February on NJTV, ‘there will be no tax increases in this budget'" and "voted the other night in the Senate Budget Committee to raise income taxes $800 million."
Our ranking in terms of the best and worst states to do business in was 43 four years ago, and we just moved up to 17 two weeks ago.
Says that Lee Fisher once said, "I never met a gun control bill I didn't like."
There's no negative advertising in my campaign at all.
[State Rep. Doug McKillip's] donors deserve a refund.
U.S. Senate candidate Michelle Nunn "earned as much as $300,000 running a nonprofit that had laid off 90 workers."
Alison Alter "got an F in attendance in 2016" as an Austin parks board member "and was removed by a unanimous vote of the Austin City Council."
It would be illegal for the Fulton County Commission to raise the county tax rate.
We've seen six months of positive job growth by the private sector.
Almost 40 percent of all (undocumented) immigrants come by plane and they overstay their visas.
In 2008, candidate Barack Obama attacked John McCain for proposing cuts to Medicare.
The proposed state budget contains "an additional tax cut for the middle class."
Ed Gillespie "would not mention (Donald Trump's) name unless he was condemning him."
McCain "said he was 'stumped' when asked whether contraceptives help stop the spread of HIV."
One percent of the American people make over 21 percent of all the income in America. That wasn't the way before George Bush became president.
CNN to permanently close its doors as ratings plunge 30 percent.
The Congressional Budget Office has found that (the stimulus) bill will lead to a real 0.1 to 0.3 percent reduction in gross domestic product by 2019.
"No candidate has run more negative ads in American history than Barack Obama did in 2008, especially in the general.''	mostly true"
Says the Texas Education Agency follows up to make sure undocumented immigrants paying in-state tuition at Texas colleges are applying for permanent residency.
White men have committed more mass shootings than any other group.
Florida's new fingerprint identification system is improving our rate of solving cold cases by 300 percent.
Says the tax bill "is going to cost me a fortune, this thing -- believe me. Believe me, this is not good for me."
The Paul Ryan budget proposal would "privatize Medicare."
We have a director of homeland security who cannot use and will not use the term 'terrorist attack' but instead substitutes 'man-made disaster.' 
A bill to advance the Keystone XL Pipeline "is an earmark" under House rules.
Casey Weinstein: No faith in our military ... "When some of our cadets wanted to watch a religious film, Casey Weinstein sued the U.S. military. Sued our soldiers?"
Says Russ Feingold supported a stimulus plan that allowed a company to create 3,000 jobs in China.
Half the lottery directors across the country had not run a lottery before they were hired.
I have won more elections than any chairman since 1938.
I voted to defund sanctuary cities.
44% of homeless people are employed.
Says the goal of the Affordable Care Act was to get 30 million people insured, but it only got 7 million.
Mitchell International Airport is the "the third busiest airport in the world and the number one busiest in the country."
Before this (federal health care) law was enacted, Florida parents ... were able to purchase inexpensive 'child-only' coverage for their children. The law's 'consumer protections' have now eliminated that choice in Florida.
Right now, if Rhode Island police come across a young person with a gun, "they really don't legally have the right to take it away from them."
California Republican gubernatorial hopeful Meg Whitman "contributed to, and campaigned, for" Democratic Sen. Barbara Boxer.
In Chicago, they've had thousands of shootings, thousands since Jan. 1. Thousands of shootings.
Gerry Connolly and his fellow Democrats went on a spending spree and now their credit card is maxed out.
Under New York Mayor Bill de Blasio, homicides are up by 20 percent, and subway delays have soared 45 percent.
Wisconsin is "dead last in income growth" among midwestern states during Gov. Scott Walker's term.
A minor cannot get a tattoo without parental consent but can get an abortion without parental consent.
Says an Internet meme shows people rejoicing over the Paris agreement.
Nearly 90% of Travis County government races will be settled by the time of the Democratic primary.
Georgia has the most lax gun laws in the nation.
In a few months, this deal would give Iran $150 billion for its $300 billion to $400 billion economy, which is "like $8 trillion flowing into the United States treasury."
Independent analysts "found that Trump's tax plan, given to the wealthy and big corporations, would rack up $30 trillion in debt."
The health care law is "job killing."
We are the only industrialized nation that relies heavily on a for-profit medical insurance industry to provide basic health care.
The Associated Press called Charlie Crist's attacks "over the top," "out of context," and "not true."
An audit shows "there are 6.5 million people who have active Social Security numbers who are 112 years of age or older,"
Says Ken Cuccinelli wants "to eliminate all forms of birth control."
Says that illegal immigrants get a $100,000 break on University of Texas tuition over four years.
Says Gov. Rick Perry is “spending Texans' hard-earned money to live like Louie XIV.”
The state of Wisconsin pays plumbers, engineers and other attorneys "much, much more" than it pays attorneys to represent poor people.
There's a section in the Constitution called the Emoluments Clause that says no one, nor their spouses, can take money from foreigners. (Hillary Clinton) has to be guilty of 70 or 100 counts just on that one charge.
Georgia has “more illegal aliens than the state of Arizona.”
Governor Palin is the most popular governor in the country.
Portland Schools spend $500K to deem PB&J sandwiches racist.
There will be no public funding for abortion in this legislation.
Mark Herring voted to allow sex offenders, including rapists, to serve shorter sentences.
The majority of my contributions have been from private individuals giving $125 on average, "not from PACs, not from groups."
Russia and China "absolutely said pretty clearly" they would not keep economic sanctions on Iran if the United States "walked away from the deal."
Up to 80 percent of small businesses will be forced to give up their current plans due to new Obamacare regulations.
Under Obamacare, "The IRS will have access to the American people's protected health care information."
The American Power Act "would cut our dependence on oil in half."
Says Chris Christie "instituted an Internet sales tax."
For every Kentuckian that has enrolled in Obamacare, 40 have been dropped from their coverage.
Florida is 49th in per capita spending on mental health care.
They've seen employer-supported coverage increase in Massachusetts after this law (Romneycare) was implemented.
Wisconsin sold fresh water to California, helping that state's dairy industry, and "lost a bunch of jobs (and) a bunch of farmland."
Congressional Republicans have introduced dozens of bills on social issues and other topics, but "zero on job creation."
He received "A" ratings from "every conservative organization that gives ratings."
Says Rep. Charles Bass "supports privatizing Social Security, risking trillions more on Wall Street."
We don't show people playing these games. We don't show them winning playing the video lottery games.
Says she "is 6th in hard dollars raised and has more cash on hand than Governors (John) Kasich and (Chris) Christie combined."
Says state budget deal between Texas House and Senate leaders "funds nursing homes, our public schools and universities and provides financial aid for college students."
Before Obamacare, Wisconsin's "high-risk pool" for health insurance "had eight or nine" plans to choose from, people "could go to any doctor or any hospital they wanted, and their premiums and co-pays were cheaper than they are under Obamacare today."
Says the top 20 percent of income earners pay nearly 70 percent of all federal taxes.
New York State has been horribly, horribly hurt by NAFTA
I had the lowest net worth of any American president in the 20th century when I took office.
The House health care bill pays for "about six years of program with a decade of revenue, with the heaviest costs concentrated in the second five years."
Says U.N. arms treaty will mandate a "new international gun registry."
Since I was elected, crime rates have been at their lowest in over a decade.
While Mayor Rick Kriseman said he would dip into reserves this year because of Hurricane Irma, he "went into the emergency reserves before Irma ever hit."
California is proposing to legislate what drinks restaurants can serve your kids, only giving two options: milk or water.
Preliminary murder rates in Philadelphia "will put the murder rate at the highest of this decade in the city."
Republicans enacted the most drastic cuts to K-12 public schools of any state in the nation.
TSA "started off with 16,500 screeners and the agency has mushroomed to 67,000 employees with 3,590 administrative people ... making over $105,000 per year on average."
On offshore drilling for energy
Australia is microchipping its public.
Says Massachusetts has three state-mandated student tests and Finland just one.
Right now we are spending at an all-time high, close to 25 percent of our GDP [is] being spent on the federal government. But our revenues are at an almost all-time low of about 15 percent [of GDP].
Social Security is a Ponzi scheme.
Tyler Perry's plan to turn a majority of the former Fort McPherson into a film and television studio is expected "to add over 8,000 new jobs to Atlanta."
More businesses are closing than are opening for the first time in our nation's history.
Under sequestration, the military was cut "down to the smallest Army since 1940, the smallest Navy since 1915."
Since December 2010 Florida has created 540,000 new jobs.
McCain used to buck his party on immigration by fighting for comprehensive reform. . . . But when he was running for his party's nomination, he . . . said that he wouldn't even support his own legislation if it came up for a vote.
Because of (U.S. Sen.-elect Ron) Johnson's leadership, Senate Republicans adopted a caucus ban on earmarks.
Says a photo shows Bill Clinton and Christine Blasey Ford posing for a camera and smiling together.
Thirteen hundred applicants in Rhode Island signed up for insurance through Obamacare.
In Harrisburg, I passed more bills than all the Democrats combined, in terms of legislation affecting the city.
The ammunition used in the Orlando shooting "is banned by Geneva Convention. It enters the body, spins & explodes."
We've created more than 850,000 jobs, more than all the other states combined.
Attorney General McCollum, Speaker-Designate Cannon, Senate President-Designate Haridopolos and I stood up to Governor Crist and worked to remove Jim Greer as Chairman because of his mismanagement of the party.
Indiana expanded Medicaid when Mike Pence was governor
Says Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald "Sterling is a Democrat."
For his first interview as president, Barack Obama chose Arab TV for an apology.
This president went before the United Nations and castigated Israel for building settlements. He said nothing about thousands of rockets being rained in on Israel from the Gaza Strip.
Says Texas has been waiting for two years for the federal government to act on a proposal to allow the state to "create insurance opportunities for those that are uninsured today."
The legislature was never given the opportunity to debate or vote on loaning $75 million to 38 Studios.
The fact is the Clinton Foundation has "got about 80 percent in overhead and 20 percent of the money is actually getting into the places it should."
We're taxing our small businesses now at rates higher than corporations.
Trump on revamping the military: We're bringing back the draft.
The U.S. spends more money on its military than the 16 biggest military budgets in the world combined.
Says there is a "traditional 60-vote threshold for confirming Supreme Court nominees."
Says U.S. Senate rival Tommy Thompson is "a big corporate lobbyist" and has been "lobbying during the middle of the campaign."
The two worst counties for (Medicaid) fraud in the country -- not state -- are Dade and Broward county.
''The leading Democratic candidate once said that the unfettered free market is the most destructive force in modern America.''
The United states is "borrowing more than 40 cents of every dollar we spend."
There are 321,092 public school teachers in Texas. And there are 313,850 non-teachers in our public schools.
In my 12 years in the House, I have watched my district go from a solidly Democratic district to a heavily solid Republican district.
We came out against Deepwater and everybody is now paying for [the project] in their electric bills.
President Trump signs executive order stripping NFL of ‘non-profit' status.
In every poll, John Cornyn "always loses to any conservative the voters have heard about."
Barack Obama's Columbia University ID says he was a foreign student and went by "Barry Soetoro."
David Perdue "has never voted in a Republican primary until his name was on the ballot."
Says 70 percent of Virginia's Medicaid cost is for seniors in nursing homes.
Cancer and matters to do with kidney failure kill more people in Kenya today than malaria, tuberculosis and AIDS combined.
Says he "brought 1,200 jobs to Texas by moving his factories here from China."
Parents and teachers are already worrying about what they call the ‘Trump Effect.' They report that bullying and harassment are on the rise in our schools, especially targeting students of color, Muslims and immigrants.
In Japan, executives of failing companies "say 'I'm sorry' and then either do one of two things: resign or go commit suicide."
Bruce Ohr's wife, Nellie Ohr, worked for Fusion GPS – which was the firm hired by the Clinton campaign to write the dossier. Bruce Ohr gave the dossier to the FBI. The FBI then used the same dossier to spy on the Trump campaign.
Greg Abbott did "nothing" to pursue reports of the sexual abuse of boys at a West Texas state-run school.
John McCain would "reduce oversight of health insurance."
Says Rob Portman "said the auto rescue was a lousy deal for Ohio."
Says Texas is last in workers' compensation coverage.
Says car insurance rates have decreased since about a decade ago because of market-based solutions that attracted more auto insurers to New Jersey.
Increasing the min. wage to $15 an hour would reduce spending on food stamps, public housing and other programs by over $7.6 billion a year.
Says Hillary Clinton's Iran nuclear deal "lined the pockets of the world's number one state sponsor of terrorism with your money."
Should Democrats get their way, every income tax bracket will increase on Jan. 1, 2011. Every single one.
Says that in Texas, it's "already illegal to enter a bathroom to harm someone."
So far, the war in Gaza has left more than 1,800 Palestinians dead -- the population equivalent to 100 9/11s.
I created the school choice program.
He was offered medical care for his injuries if he would give up military information in return. John McCain said, 'No.' 
For at least a year now, I have called for two additional brigades, perhaps three.
I actually started criticizing the war in Iraq before (Obama) did.
Georgia's illegal-immigration legislation "simply follows existing federal law."
Says Texas does not regulate the appearance of some kinds of imitation firearms sold in Texas.
Says U.S. Rep. Ron DeSantis "voted in favor of food stamps for illegal immigrants."
When I started in Ohio it was terrible. Now, we're getting bipartisan support for our bills. And that's called leadership.
We know from the social science that children do best with a mom and a dad.
Jason Kander supports [Obama's] plan to bring the remaining suspected terrorists to U.S. soil.
Says Mark Pryor "cut Medicare to pay for Obamacare."
Welders make more money than philosophers.
Did you know under President Obama family health care premiums have increased $4,154 on the average?
Fall River, Massachusetts was not 'built by immigrants.' 
If you have a job in this country, (there's a) 97 percent chance that you're not going to be in poverty.
Hollywood is #1 in Broward homicides in 2013. Thanks Chief Fernandez!
Obamacare is so flat-out unpopular, that even the Obama administration chose to reject part of Obamacare last Friday, when they tried to throw out the CLASS Act, which is the long-term care function.
Says Ron Johnson "supported a plan to cut benefits and raise the retirement age" for Social Security.
Says Rebecca Dallet "has talked about her interest in advocating for policies that need to be changed to achieve her political objectives."
It was a 100 percent lie that (Donald Trump's) election unleashed anti-Semitism. … Hundreds of Jewish community centers had bomb threats called in. To the best of our knowledge to this day, 90 percent of them were called in by an American Jewish kid living in Israel, and the other 10 percent were a black radical who was trying to impress his girlfriend.
Amendment 2 will put almost 2,000 pot shops in Florida ... more pot shops than Walmart and Walgreens combined.
Obama, instead of nominating a health professional, he nominated someone who is an anti-gun activist (for surgeon general).
Says of Mitch McConnell, "What can happen in 30 years? A senator can become a multi-millionaire in public office."
Before 2005, "the percentage of" Texas high school "students meeting the college readiness standards of the Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board stood at 28% in English and 42% in math. Those figures stood at 65% and 66% in 2013."
At some point in their lives, 99% of women use birth control.
Mitt Romney ... gave you government health care that is now bankrupting the state of Massachusetts.
Andrew Jackson was the last president who actually balanced the federal budget, where we had no national debt.
Says Tammy Baldwin "supported legislation allowing citizens to withhold funding for our troops."
President Obama "went around the world and apologized for America."
Says Rick Scott presided over cuts to the Bright Futures college scholarship program.
Says Hillary Clinton "said all work-related emails were sent back to the State Department. The FBI director said, that's not true."
Says Socrates said, "When the debate is lost, slander becomes the tool of the losers."
The goal of Common Core is "to instill federally determined attitudes and mindsets in students including political and religious beliefs."
Austin mayoral candidate Steve Adler opposed an injunction to stop a "company from dumping petrochemicals directly into the Barton Springs aquifer."
Trump: ‘I am sending troops to South Africa and they will not leave until the killing stop and the land issue resolved.' 
Says Colorado Democratic congressional candidate Morgan Carroll "racked up $11 billion in new spending" in the state Legislature.
Says that like Todd Akin, all Texas Republicans in U.S. House cosponsored a bill "that attempts to distinguish between ‘forcible rape' and other sexual assaults."
Florida high schools are four out of the top 10 in the entire United States.
Since 1970, the Clean Air Act has reduced toxic and health-threatening air pollution by 60 percent while our economy has grown more than 200 percent.
Says Hillary Clinton spent 30 days in the hospital in 2012 and appeared "wearing glasses that are only for people who have traumatic brain injury."
A lot of the problems with forest fires ... is because of bad policy (not to clear out the forests) that was put in place by environmentalists.
They found 60 votes in the Senate in 2006 and 2013 for immigration legislation, and "each time the House Republican majority refused to take it up."
It's actually easier for the United States to get flight manifests from E.U. nations than it is for E.U. nations to get them from their own neighbors, thanks to an agreement the U.S. negotiated when I was secretary of state.
At his father's bank, Alexi made tens of millions in risky loans to convicted mobsters. Then, the bank collapsed.
Harry Reid "voted to use taxpayer dollars to pay for Viagra for convicted child molesters and sex offenders."
The average cost for infant care in GA is almost $7,700/yr – more than average in-state college tuition.
During the past four years, "average wages have barely budged."
Health care reform "would bring down the deficit by as much as $1 trillion over the next two decades."
Says GOP Congressional candidate Scott Jones "wants to build a wall. He wants to round people up and deport folks."
Proposed NC law for body camera footage gives police "broad authority to keep video footage secret – even from individuals who are filmed."
Amid the "crisis at our southern border," there are "reports of illegal migrants carrying deadly diseases such as … Ebola virus."
The American people support defunding Obamacare and oppose shutting down the government.
Mark Warner's "record is one of acting against" the Keystone XL pipeline.
Says Hillary Clinton "defended Syria's President Assad as a possible reformer at the start of that country's civil war."
Emma Gonzalez bullied school shooter, isn't sorry; then retweets message blaming ‘white boys' entitlement' as cause of all school shootings
About 8 out of 10 favor changing Obamacare significantly or replacing it altogether.
I got a letter from 20 people who said they wanted their money back, 14 never gave me a penny.
Twitter reaches only 15 percent of the population.
Of the 98 top oxycodone-dispensing doctors who used to live in Florida, "today, there are none."
The Bush tax cuts "helped to create a substantial part of the deficit."
Wisconsin is one of the highest taxed states in the nation.
John McCain said...in December he was surprised there was a subprime mortgage problem.
Says the foreman of the jury that convicted him was a Greenpeace activist.
The port provides more than 297,000 jobs directly to the state of Georgia.
Just 6 percent of Americans say Russia is the country's most important issue, yet the story receives "75 percent of the coverage" in the media.
There are cities and counties in Georgia that don't have websites, and where elected officials don't have email addresses.
Says Texas legislators in 2011 increased state spending on education.
My opponent promises to bring back old jobs by wishing away the global economy.
Four times, I said, he (John McCain) is a hero, but you know ... people choose selective pieces.
Says a Senate resolution would restore $140 in monthly general assistance payments and prevent people from committing crime.
We're growing union jobs faster than Illinois.
At the beginning of the last decade ... America had a budget surplus of over $200 billion. By the time I took office, we had a one-year deficit of over $1 trillion and projected deficits of $8 trillion over the next decade.
We're borrowing 40 cents of every dollar we spend.
On Lee Fisher's watch, "almost nine out of 10" jobs that Ohio lost were lost to other states, "not to other countries."
Says a change in law he carried stopped a $100 million tax increase in the Dallas school district.
Colorado Rockies baseball team to sell marijuana brownies at their concession stands.
Breaking! Roy Moore's accuser worked for Democratic leaders and is actively campaigning for Moore's opponent.
The climate-change agreement between the United States and China "requires the Chinese to do nothing at all for 16 years."
On support for gay marriage.
The American murder rate is 50 times that of any other developed nation.
Since 1999, firearm deaths in Ohio have risen 58 percent.
Speaker Pelosi ... has been busy sticking the taxpayer with her $100,000 bar tab for alcohol on the military jets that she's flying.
One out of every four homeless people on our streets is a veteran.
Almost 1,000 people a day are moving to Florida "because they are more free here than they are in some other states."
We reduced abortion. We increased adoptions by 135 percent.
A telecom bill could keep the State Corporation Commission from getting rate-of-return information from electric utilities.
If you printed a $1 bill for the entirety of the $14.1 trillion national debt, the resulting pile of money would weigh more than 136 aircraft carriers.
Under Common Core standards, it takes "more than a minute" to teach a student "how to add nine plus six."
She flunked the D.C. bar exam.
We're making (Medicare) stronger. We're making Social Security stronger.
We had 6,000 oil and gas spills in 2012 with "more oil and gas spreading in the United States than the entire Exxon Valdez spill."
Under Scott Walker's policies, "the typical Wisconsin family has actually seen their real income drop by nearly $3,000 in the last four years."
The United States can immediately tap a domestic energy resource of "more than 1.5 trillion barrels of oil, six times more than Saudi Arabia."
The United States has "the highest corporate tax rate in the free world."
Says Russian President Vladimir Putin "calls me brilliant."
70 percent of Florida is in drought today.
$6 billion water bond program voters passed in 2011 "has yet to be tapped."
We had the best jobs report in 16 years.
More Tennesseans have hunting and fishing licenses than vote.
Says Beto O'Rourke voted "against body armor for Texas sheriffs patrolling the border."
If you and I fail to defund ObamaCare now, some 16,000 new IRS agents will be begin prying into our private medical records, eyeing each and every one of our treatments and prescriptions for violations'."
Martin Luther King Jr. was a Republican!
Of the top five cities for staged automobile accidents, three are in Florida. … We rank No. 1 in the country in staged auto accidents.
A "majority of our students are trapped in" underperforming schools.
Says she "created the first felony deferred prosecution program for nonviolent first-offenders" in Texas.
We have SAT scores lower than that of Alabama.
Says "Paul Ryan shut off the C-SPAN cameras when the Democrats started their sit-in."
The Democrats have already voted to ban our conventional light bulbs ... in favor of dangerous fluorescent light bulbs.
In the rest of the world, there have been 18 school shootings in the last twenty years. In the U.S., there have been 18 school shootings since January 1.
Texas had the worst voter participation in the country in the November 2014 elections.
There have been 44 plans submitted affecting 90 school districts. And the Scott administration has rejected all of them.
There has been no net global warming for over a decade now.
Says Mitt Romney's comments indicated he would not have pursued Osama bin Laden.
Eric Holder is supportive of the NAACP's efforts to get the United Nations involved in our elections.
Says 97 percent of gun owners support universal background checks.
The president is advocating a drone strike program in America.
Over 39% of violent criminals return to prison following their release.
Says John Quincy Adams said, "If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more, and become more, you are a leader."
On leaks and the release of secret information.
One in every five families in the state of New Jersey has a loved one with a mental illness, a serious mental illness, and today, we don't care.
Says former Rep. Michele Bachmann said that "White People Have Suffered More In The Last 8 Years Than Blacks Did During Couple Years Of Slavery."
Alaska Sens. Lisa Murkowski and Mark Begich "vote as much as 80 percent of the time together."
47 percent of Americans "can't pay for an unexpected $400 expense through savings or credit cards, without selling something or borrowing money."
In Rhode Island, there were thousands of jobs that were created by the federal stimulus program
Right now, we have the lowest gas tax of anywhere in the country.
Says Tim Pawlenty said in 2006, "The era of small government is over... the government has to be more proactive and more aggressive."
The state of Florida has seen "double-digit drops" in alcohol use among teens.
In 1935, more than 50% of the elderly population lived in poverty. Today that poverty rate stands officially at 9.4%.
Here in Virginia, we have the opportunity to become the first state on the East Coast to explore for and produce oil and natural gas offshore.
The city of Pembroke Pines doesn't have a vote in a plan to build a detention center in Southwest Ranches.
Says Texas has the most uninsured people of any state -- 6 million.
If anyone should know irresponsible it should be Senator Buono. She's the one, her budget left us with a $2 billion budget deficit in fiscal 10 that I had to fix. Her mistakes. And for fiscal year 2011 an $11 billion budget deficit. Her mistakes, along with her partner Jon Corzine.
In the past two years, Democrats have "spent more money than this country has spent in the last 200 years combined."
A law was passed, apparently in the Clinton administration, about whether, in recruiting offices … Marines or other military should be able to have guns. Apparently it is prohibited.
Says Heidi Heitkamp has "never been interested in" regulatory relief "until all of a sudden I become a candidate for the Senate and put pressure on."
Over the past 25 years, job growth in right-to-work states has been twice as high as in non-right-to-work states. ... The facts are just so clear that this is going to lead to more jobs and higher pay for the people of Missouri.
The only time in our history when the debt has been higher than this was the end of World War II.
Net immigration from Mexico last year was zero. Fact-check me.
Rob Portman is "the one who actually sucked the jobs out of the (Mahoning) Valley and sent them to China."
My Treasury team eliminated a 900-case backlog in the Crime Victim Compensation Program.
The causation standard in Indiana is exactly the same as it is in Illinois.
Says "city leadership is threatening to lay off police and emergency services personnel to balance the budget."
Wisconsin's economy has "tanked" under Gov. Scott Walker and "so far in 2015 over 6,685 people have been laid off, already more than in all of 2014."
Says Maggie Hassan pays zero property taxes on her $500,000 home.
Says Hillary Clinton's "State Department blocked investigation into Orlando killer's mosque."
Says "excise taxes are...disproportionately burdening middle- and lower-income consumers."
Multnomah County's food action plan "clearly plans to disrupt the free market system in terms of food choices making it harder and more expensive for many residents to eat their food of choice."
Every time the price of gasoline rises 1 cent, "it's a billion dollars out of our economy that goes to Saudi Arabia."
Says businesses pay roughly 60 percent of taxes in Texas.
I'm in prison for practicing politics.
Says Barack Obama "knew half of the population of the United States would lose their health insurance."
The federal government is now on track for the second-largest budget deficit "in 65 years."
(Sen. Robert) Gordon cost us money, exempting the Newark sports arena from paying property taxes and sticking us with the bill.
Despite having their budget increased by over 40 percent since 2009 … pending claims for benefits with the (Department of Veterans Affairs) have increased from 391,000 to 890,000 under the Obama Administration.
The results of Atlanta Public School's 2010 and 2011 CRCT tests "have not been questioned."
In June 2012 "we actually had more people go on Social Security Disability [85,000] ... than the 80,000 jobs that were created."
While 9,000 state employees were added to the state's payroll, Oregon's revenue forecasts dropped by more than $4 billion.
Says "J.B. Pritzker's tax plan" includes a "new tax per mile you drive with government tracking device."
On immigration, "the president said 22 times, 22 times, that he couldn't do what he eventually did."
There are legitimate and widespread anomalies, and widespread questions about the conduct of (the Wisconsin Supreme Court) election, most visibly in Waukesha County, but also in counties around the state.
Tornado carries mobile home 130 miles, family inside unharmed.
Nevada has been recently ranked No. 1 in "unemployment, foreclosures, violent crime, personal bankruptcy and divorce."
Radio Marti and TV Marti have spent more than $500 million to reach less than 1 percent of the Cuban population.
Says she couldn't take stimulus money because it required "universal building codes."
Says Congressman Jon Runyan has a "plan to raise Medicare costs $6,400 a year."
'Wrong precinct' rules exacerbate our provisional ballot problems (and) HB 194 does nothing to solve the wrong-precinct problem.
Rick Scott has destroyed over 100,000 jobs.
The failed economic policies of President Barack Obama, the Democrats and the Federal Reserve "are making gas prices higher while America's economy is running on fumes."
Ronald Reagan "banned ownership of fully automatic rifles. He supported the assault weaspons ban."
Says Texas is "last in mental health expenditures."
Georgia has "a dropout rate that's higher" than Alabama's.
Redistribution has "never been a characteristic of America."
In fact, 85 percent of Oregonians voted in 2008.
John McCain "said publicly that Hillary Clinton would make a good president."
Mike Pence voted against expanding the Children's Health Insurance program, which Hillary helped to start.
The Obama administration is "cutting back on defense"
Says an arts tax would provide "funding for certified arts and music teachers for every elementary school serving Portland residents."
Most of the newspapers that endorsed Alex Sink also endorsed Barack Obama.
Says state Sen. Morgan Carroll's votes made "it easier to sue doctors, small businesses, even nurses. Putting her own shady interests first."
If the space-shuttle program is terminated, Russia and China will be the only nations ...with the capability to launch humans into space.
Says 7,000 millionaires "gamed the system to pay no income taxes."
American oil production is at its highest level since 2003.
Says Donald Trump said the U.S. should "encourage" Japan to get nuclear weapons.
The Obama administration is "unwinding our nation's welfare-to-work requirements."
Says she was the first in her family to go to a four-year college.
One of the "main functions" of the Department of Homeland Security's SAVE database is "checking voter registration citizenship status."
The House health care bill provides for "free abortion services, and probably forced participation in abortions by members of the medical profession."
The Democratic health care plan is a "government takeover of nearly 20 percent of our economy."
In barely four years in office, five jihadists have reached their targets in the United States under Barack Obama, compared to zero "in over seven years after 9/11 under George W. Bush."
The (health reform) legislation which Washington passed last year has made it more difficult to hire because it's increased costs for employers.
Cover Florida "is available to any Floridian, offering basic coverage for about $150 a month, instead of the typical $600 a month."
The Florida Department of Agriculture's website FreshFromFlorida.com can be used "to get a permit to carry a loaded hidden gun without ever leaving your house."
Gov. Scott Walker bought "80 new, brand-new vehicles" for the state that "we probably don't need."
As Washington debates cracking down on the big Wall Street banks, I've passed legislation that does so.
Under the House Republican tax proposal, "the average family of four earning median income ($59,000/year) will receive an additional $1,182 in their pocket every year."
Says a portfolio managed by the Texas General Land Office earned 22 percent last year while the state's emergency reserve account experienced a 1 percent gain.
Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama want to raise taxes on dividends, a move that would crash the stock market.
If women seeking an abortion see their ultrasound, "the odds are pretty high they're going to keep the baby."
Says "President Trump makes English the official language of the United States!"
We have provided at least 16 tax cuts to small businesses.
Europe and U.S. households waste 15 times more food than a person in Africa.
Says Amy McGrath "wants to fund more welfare for people who can work, but don't."
Kip Kinkel and Clackamas Town Center shootings "both where citizen with gun stopped the crime"
Says she was never a member of the Georgia Log Cabin Republicans.
A middle-class family donates $1 to charity, they get 15 cents off their income tax. Bill Gates donates $1 to charity, he takes 35 cents off his income tax.
It cost us more to shut the government down than to keep it open.
This will be the last time — April — that you're going to (fill out) that old-fashioned, big, lots of pages, complicated tax form. Because next April you're going to, in many cases, (file) one page, one card. It's going to be very, very different. Very, very different.
Every time Trump comes here to play golf, Florida taxpayers are paying for it. ... Jeff Greene will put a stop to that day 1.
Says President Barack Obama "has not condemned" shootings targeting police.
In the weekend after the terrorist attacks in Paris, the White House said "this couldn't happen in the United States. ISIS couldn't reach us here."
Texas leads "the country in drunk driving fatalities."
The same 3 senators who have spent the last 3 years s------- themselves over ‘Benghazi!' just introduced a bill to reduce embassy security by 50 percent.
Over 97 percent of the scientific community … believe that humans are contributing to climate change.
Says Claire McCaskill "voted against including health records in the background check system."
Says the Southwest Florida Water Management District has $850 million in reserves, enough money in savings to run without levying taxes for more than two years.
Massachusetts public schools teach kids as young as kindergartners about gay marriage.
Says HIV and AIDS rates have spiked "due to increased heroin and fentanyl use."
Rep. Paul Ryan's Medicare plan "lines the pockets of the private insurance companies," increases costs for seniors and does not reduce the deficit.
Says the Steele dossier "was—according to (James Comey's) June 2017 testimony—'salacious and unverified.' "
Says Michelle Obama "said she was never proud of her country til they elected her husband POTUS."
McCain and Bush are millionaires who are "for tax cuts for millionaires."
Austin school district "teachers are the lowest paid of any urban" Texas district and the "lowest paid of any surrounding school district."
Under a public health care option, 120 million Americans will "lose what they now get from private companies and be forced onto the government-run rolls as businesses decide it is more cost-effective for them to drop coverage."
In Jeanne Shaheen, New Hampshire has a Senator who was the deciding vote to pass Obamacare.
Says paid family leave is "a program that is standard in all but five nations around the world."
Currently, almost 40 percent of people with HIV are not diagnosed until they already have developed AIDS. And that can be up to 10 years after they first are infected with HIV.
Maggie Hassan "raised tuition, making it the highest in America."
Senator Obama's relatives and friends say he has been talking about running for president for at least the last 15 years, a campaign spokesman said.
The transportation sales tax would cost the average consumer an estimated $112 a year.
Under Obamacare, "75 percent of small businesses now say they are going to be forced to either fire workers or cut their hours."
The truth is, Planned Parenthood does not provide mammograms. Planned Parenthood refers women to mammography providers, serving as the middlewoman, if you will.
John McCain and George Bush have "absolutely no plan for universal health care."
Says PolitiFact reported that "95 percent of what (Donald Trump) says is a lie."
As Milwaukee County executive, Scott Walker "eliminated the waiting list for long-term care for older adults through the Family Care program."
Says Chris Christie was the "first governor in America to endorse" Mitt Romney.
New Jersey loses net, that is minus those who come into the state, 30,000 students a year.
Seventy-four percent of Rhode Islanders support [a] national popular vote [for president] because they, as I, believe in one person-one vote.
By advocating new requirements for voters to show ID cards at the polls, Republicans "want to literally drag us all the way back to Jim Crow laws."
On abortion
Says she is co-owner of Celilo Group Media.
We're only inches away from no longer being a free economy.
Each Georgia taxpayer would have to send $5,000 to the treasury to cover the state's debt.
When Republicans last controlled the presidency and Congress, "the number of people on food stamps (and) the number of people in low-income housing went through the roof."
Says state's mandated tests come from an English company.
Says that his transportation budget and Ohio Turnpike plan "would make sure we have lower tolls than we've had through the history of the turnpike."
Says Rick Kriseman is $35 million over budget on St. Petersburg's new police station.
Says Ted Cruz is the "same senator who once supported a ban on sex toys."
Under conservative leadership, Congress has reduced the federal deficit by 60 percent – nearly $800 billion.
Obama Signs Bill Forgiving All Student Loan Debt.
[N]early one in three primary care doctors are forced to limit the number of Medicare patients they see.
Many of the 9/11 conspirators came from the Muslim Brotherhood, including Osama bin Laden, Ayman Zawahiri and Khalid Sheikh Mohammed.
On gun policy
Texas is the "fastest growing state" with the "most Fortune 500 companies."
And he's the only candidate who will fight for a national catastrophe fund to reduce insurance rates.
Says Donald Trump was "caught investing in (the) Dakota Pipeline before signing it."
Mayor White has major stake in Barnett Shale production company.
Joe Manchin has a ‘D' rating from the NRA.
Each U.S. House member who voted to overhaul Social Security in 1983 was re-elected.
If the U.S. stops adding to the Strategic Petroleum Reserve, it "will lessen worldwide demand for oil" and reduce prices.
Trump declares globalist Soros as ‘national security threat' using Obama's 2014 executive order.
Why do we have automatic citizenship upon birth? We're the only country in the world that has it.
Ohio's judges, "compared to other similar states, are being woefully underpaid."
The U.S. Supreme Court ruled that public school in the United States "will not teach the tenets of Islam or Sharia Law."
I'm not a conspiracy theorist and I never allow conspiracy theorists on my program.
Says his Texas election fraud investigations have resulted in 50 convictions.
Ed Gillespie "supports a personhood amendment."
Says Joe Manchin "supported Obama and Clinton's campaigns to kill coal jobs."
Mortgage fraud is "up 400 percent in the last five years."
We have 41,000 people right now on the waitlist for financial-based assistance for our tech colleges and universities, most of them for tech schools.
On the last night of the General Assembly, "by 11 o'clock 95 to 98 percent of the business was done. So we really didn't have that late-night session. We were just holding on one bill."
In Austin, Texas, the average homeowner is paying about $1,300 to $1,400 just for recapture, meaning funds spent in non-Austin school districts.
President Barack Obama "has doubled the size of government since he took office."
If Gov. Rick Scott activates "the National Guard in anticipation of a federal disaster, the state's costs, including the costs to recall any furloughed guardsmen, will be fully reimbursable by FEMA."
Says proposal to use city-owned land for an Austin pro soccer stadium is a "$1 billion giveaway."
Says U.S. Rep. Connie Mack "took seven and a half years to finish college."
John McCain "took on the drug industry."
John Boehner has called for "repealing the rest of the stimulus, which would raise taxes on 110 million middle class people."
We have created more jobs in this last year than the Bush administration (did) in eight years.
(Obama) did accept donations from lobbyists and PACs and he spent money in this campaign from that, through his political action committee.
We have not taken away any rights that have currently existed in any city in North Carolina with the passage of HB2.
Says new GOP Wisconsin Assembly members "voted to take funding away from their public schools in their districts to give it to private Milwaukee voucher schools."
When you read the Koran, it talks about don't take Christians and Jews as your friends.
If you shut down Amtrak's Northeast Corridor, it's estimated you'd have to add seven new lanes to I-95 to accommodate the increased traffic.
California Democrat Maxine Waters charged on 3 counts.
Newt Gingrich says electric co-ops and credit unions are "government-sponsored enterprises" like Freddie Mac.
Fifty percent of Speaker Gingrich's tax plan goes to the top 1 percent.
The richest 1 percent have more financial wealth than the bottom 95 percent combined.
Says Oak Grove is "one of the largest cities in Oregon" and is "the biggest city in Clackamas County and it's not a city."
Florida Sheriff: Blacks should learn to act like white people in order to stay alive.
Fracturing or horizontally fracturing the shale to open up larger pockets of natural gas ... has been used for over 60 years and, as of 2009, over 80,000 wells have been fracked in Ohio.
30,000 Arizonans may have no choice on Affordable Care Act coverage.
The judicial system is the most underfunded in this state, able to only pay 52 percent of its obligations. Meanwhile, judges get some of the richest pensions of all public employees.
Says his time away from Washington coincides with a "long planned renovation" for the White House.
Data on violent crime shows Wisconsin "has become less safe than it was when Scott Walker took office."
The only growth sector that we've had in the last two years in America is government growth.
70 percent of the people who voted on June 5, 2012, "just didn't feel comfortable with the recall of the governor," weakening any idea that Wisconsin is "fully behind this Walker agenda."
My opponent has no child care plan.
Says Mitch McConnell credits Republicans "for recent economic improvements" even though they took control of the Senate only "days ago."
On whether to seat Roland Burris as the new senator from Illinois.
North Korea is "the fifth or fourth most sanctioned nation."
Rick Perry has become a millionaire on the public payroll.
Says Kelly Ayotte voted to "fix background checks."
With this plan, the typical family of four will save $1,182 a year on their taxes.
Planned Parenthood is "the only health care that a significant number of women get. About 30 percent of women, that's their health care."
The Department of Homeland Security is "the only federal department not funded for this entire fiscal year" by Congress.
$2.4 million of the NIH dollars was spent on ‘origami' condoms.
Says Jeb Bush "said he would take his pants off and moon everybody ... Nobody reports that."
Georgia crackdown on illegal immigration costs state farmers $400 million last year.
There was no requirement to put in affordable housing.
Tide gauges measuring sea level in Rhode Island since 1930 have risen "maybe about 10 inches since that time."
Says "the headlines … tell the story" of how Walker has "mismanaged" Milwaukee County
(Pete) Sessions has held at least two fundraisers at adult-themed clubs and made no apologies.
DeKalb County has cut more money from its general fund budget "than any local government in the Atlanta metro region."
false
Today, you have six financial institutions, the largest six, that have assets that are the equivalent of 60 percent of the GDP of the United States of America.
The Doherty Campaign, unlike the Cicilline Campaign, is funded mostly by individual donors -- not the big PACs that Cicilline relies on.
Since passage of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, Walmart 'increased their starting wage to $11/hr & has given about $400 million in bonuses.'
In the last 10 years, only one piece of legislation has been cosponsored and passed by John Duncan Jr.
In Virginia, "people are going and getting marriage licenses who are 12 and 13, and 14 and 15 years old."
In Rhode Island, 28 percent of adults released from state prisons are re-incarcerated within a year.
Ohio's (payday lending) laws are now the worst in the nation. Things have gotten so bad that it is legal to charge 594 percent interest on loans.
Says Mitt Romney and George Allen "would overturn Roe v. Wade and allow states to end safe, legal abortion even in cases of rape, incest or when a woman's life is at risk."
Right now, America has $1.1 trillion of student debt. That's more than credit card debt.
Suzanne Bonamici votes with her party a partisan 98 percent of the time.
Apprehension rates at the southern border have plummeted since the 1980s, and apprehensions of Mexicans specifically have reached their lowest point in nearly half a century.
We have seized more currency, more drugs, more outbound arms in the past year than any year in our country's history.
Says Austin is the largest city in the U.S. without nonstop flights to Europe.
On protecting Social Security benefits and changing the retirement age.
In 2015 roughly 10,000 political arrests occurred in Cuba. That is five times as many as occurred in 2010, when there were only about 2,000.
The United States is at "historic record highs" of individuals being apprehended on the border from countries with terrorist ties such as "Pakistan or Afghanistan or Syria."
Says "tens of thousands of children" were rushed across the southwest border "because they fear the wall."
Medicare spends "$15-billion a year on subsidies to insurance companies."
During the Reagan administration, "Millions of people were thrown out of work."
Per-student K-12 state funding for Portland Public Schools has dipped from $6,036 in the 2007-2008 school year to $5,644 in the 2010-2011 school year
In Minnesota, well over 6,200 election-day registrations from 2008 proved fraudulent.
The claim ... that we plan to set up panels of bureaucrats with the power to kill off senior citizens ... is a lie, plain and simple.
Says when Rhode Island Lottery was proposed, "state residents were enticed to vote for it with the promise that the money would be used for education."
I haven't switched my position on the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal.
Says his sons were "targeted" on Facebook "by out-of-state protesters."
The president has said the national security threat facing America, the top one, is global warming.
From now on, we have to pay the Russians $50 million an astronaut to send Americans to the space station
A study by the University of Virginia pulls back the curtain on Medicaid's tragically bad outcomes, including ‘increased risk of adjusted mortality.'
Regarding her State Department email practices, "my predecessors did the same thing."
Says Donald Trump is "canceling funding for Obama's free house and library."
The number of people who just got their voting rights restored in Florida is greater than the populations of Wyoming, Vermont, Alaska, North Dakota, South Dakota, Delaware, Rhode Island, Montana, Maine and New Hampshire.
Since 1999, 440 people have been killed in attacks on church property in the United States.
The NRA used to support expanded background checks.
Fox star Tucker Carlson in critical condition (then died) after head on collision driving home.
Says Rick Scott "stripped women of access to public health care."
Scott Wallace wants to tax families of five for 'irresponsible breeding'
Republican-leaning states get more in federal dollars than they pay in taxes.
Arnold Schwarzenegger: 'I would be a better president than Trump ...2020 wait for me do you agree??
Texas has lost the most law enforcement officers in the line of duty of any state in America.
Says Oregon canned blueberries will be cheaper in South Korea thanks to a trade agreement.
Images show the turnout for President Donald Trump's 2017 ceremony with the New England Patriots was smaller than the team's turnout with President Barack Obama in 2015.
Wisconsin is "dead-last in creating new businesses" for "three years in a row."
Says climate scientist James Hansen says "we have until perhaps 50 years from now," or maybe a little longer "and at that point, we are looking at 10, 20, 30 feet of sea-level rise."
Remember that developers are forced to use the ‘195 land union' contractors, so tap an extra $10 million into any construction project.
53 percent of Americans cut back on their health care in the last year because of costs.
Not one dime gets added to the deficit because of Social Security.
President Obama has increased the federal workforce 192,000 individuals -- about 10 percent since he's taken office -- while we've lost 2 million jobs.
Wages "haven't gone up for a long time."
By one leading measure, what business owners pay out in wages and salaries is now finally growing faster than what they spend on health insurance for the first time in 17 years.
Joe Biden "voted against the first Gulf War. He opposed the surge. He wanted to partition Iraq."
China owns more of our bonds than do Americans.
In the past year alone, Ohio businesses have created more jobs than almost every other state in the country.
Says Jacky Rosen promised "to repeal middle-class tax cut."
HIV/AIDS among women is skyrocketing in Austin.
President Barack Obama "said at the beginning of the negotiations that the basic approach was to dismantle Iran's nuclear program in exchange for dismantling the sanctions."
Says Georgia ranks "near the bottom in per capita transportation spending."
Barack Obama won't even use the term 'war on terrorism.'
[Eighty-five percent] of the funds collected in each county will be redistributed elsewhere -- not spent in the county in which it is collected.
The Mexican government ... they send the bad ones over.
We're also cutting a Forest Service economic development program that strayed so far from any mission that it funded a music festival.
Barack Obama's health care plan "will cost taxpayers $1,700 more to cover each new person."
Says Patrick Henry said, "The Constitution is not a document for the government to restrain the people: it is an instrument for the people to restrain the government."
ISIS leader Abu Bakr al Baghdadi was "released by Obama in 2009."
Ohio's Planned Parenthood operations received millions of taxpayer dollars via federal grants in 2010 and 2011.
Jason Carter supports using Georgia tax dollars to promote Obamacare
Atlanta has issued an increasing number of citations - and collected an increasing amount of revenue - since Mayor Kasim Reed took office in 2010.
There have been multiple media reports about (Donald Trump's) business dealings with the mob, with the mafia.
It's a plan that incorporates ideas from many of the people in this room tonight – Democrats and Republicans.
Says Tennessee Senate candidate Phil Bredesen "supports single-payer health care."
We have a 40 to 50 percent dropout rate in our inner-city schools.
Says President Obama "is reducing our naval fleet to 1917 levels..."
The fiscal cliff deal "ultimately raised taxes."
As mayor, every year I was in office I did reduce taxes.
Americans who get their insurance through the workplace, cost savings could be as much as $3,000 less per employee than if we do nothing.
Says "how much money the government is collecting from people...in terms of the gross domestic product" is "the lowest in 40, 50 years."
Obama "supports hate-crimes expansion ... potentially putting churches at risk if they preach the truth about homosexuality."
It takes as much energy to make a solar panel as it likely generates in its entire life.
Buried in the Affordable Care Act is "a huge government bailout."
Redskins is "used historically" as "a term of respect."
Every single day in this country, 1,000 people are deported and the vast majority of those people that are deported aren't criminals.
Obama says Clinton in 2002 suggested there was a connection between al-Qaida and the Iraqi government.
Today many Florida teachers are at risk of having their pay impacted by the performance of children who are not even in their classrooms or subject areas.
We have 50 state lobbyists that just lobby the Legislature for money every year.
Says Scott Bruun supports allowing corporations to secretly funnel millions of dollars to front groups to finance attack ads.
What we have done with the PATRIOT Act, we've given the government enormous powers. We've given the government the right to reach deeply into people's private lives, into their business affairs, without a court order.
Rick Scott got a majority of the Hispanic vote in Florida.
Says Donald Trump "has the gall to say that prisoners of war like John McCain aren't heroes."
Last election, the Koch brothers "spent three times what the top 10 unions spent combined."
In economic growth, "Obama's best year was slower than Bill Clinton's worst year."
From 2008 to 2011, "the pages in the conforming bills have gone from 400 pages to 2,200."
There are some counties in Texas where the first day of hunting, you have to shut down the schools because people are going to go hunting.
Both McCain and Bush favor tax breaks for oil companies.
Pregnant women trying to buy health insurance on their own are barred from maternity coverage because they have a "pre-existing condition."
In the U.S. agreement with the Cuban government, "no commitment was made to allowing the establishment of political parties or to even begin the semblance of a transition to a democracy."
Because of the new health care law, "17 million kids can no longer be denied for a pre-existing condition."
Says he "won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally."
I'm not one for name calling.
Says U.S. Rep. Michael McCaul is "the sixth-richest person in Congress."
Says a bill co-sponsored by Sen. Claire McCaskill "would give a free pass to any illegal immigrant who brings a child to the border."
People in the top tax bracket, "these so-called wealthy, most of them are small-business owners."
Breaking! Terrorist attacks Trumps at Mar A Lago.
Florida still averages more students in its classrooms than any other state in the Southeast.
Says Mitt Romney is using "a million of his presidential campaign dollars to finance his Utah Senate race."
More than 66% of ALL births in California are to illegals on Medi-Cal.
Florida has "1,200 golf courses. I think 58 million rounds played a year in Florida. We've got 44 percent of all travel golf in the country here. 5 million people come here just for golf."
Says Mitt Romney flip-flopped on a taxpayer protection pledge.
Says U.S. Senate rival Tammy Baldwin wants a "completely government-controlled" health care system that goes "far beyond 'Obamacare'" and is "a Medicare system for all."
Says that had E-Verify been in place in Florida when 9/11 terrorists lived here, "we might have saved the lives of 3,000 Americans."
Congressional Black Caucus introduces bill to "tax people for being white."
Says state Senate recall challenger Sandy Pasch voted "to cut school aid by nearly $300 million."
Over the past twenty years, the number of homicides committed with a firearm in the United States has decreased by nearly 40 percent. The number of other crimes involving the use of a firearm has also plummeted, declining by nearly 70 percent.
The premiums on Medicare's prescription drug program have fallen almost every year since it began.
Georgia has saved $20 million through changes in criminal sentencing.
The national debt is on track to double during Obama's presidency.
Sean Duffy backed plan to privatize Social Security.
He's leading by example, refusing contributions from PACs and Washington lobbyists.
Thanks to the Act 10 collective bargaining law that took effect four years ago, ACT scores in Wisconsin "are now second-best in the country for states where more than half the kids take the exam."
Says Barack Obama has played nearly 100 rounds of golf as president.
California lawmakers are planning to push free abortion pills on all students across the state as part of a ‘super progressive' new policy.
Responding to a major snow event in Atlanta would be like Kansas City, Mo., responding to a major earthquake.
Congressman Phil Roe hands out $1.3M government check from a federal program that "he voted against."
Says she has "quadrupled agents to secure our border."
Says Donald Trump "games the U.S. visa system so he can hire temporary foreign workers at low wages."
215 members of Congress just voted to let your ISP spy on what type of underwear you buy and sell that data to advertisers.
The fact is it's not amnesty.
I lost my health insurance and my doctor because of Obamacare.
All of our taxpayers are paying roughly 22% of the U.N. budget.
You don't know if this (the H1N1 vaccine) is gonna cause neurological damage like it did in the 1970s.
Says he won the second debate with Hillary Clinton "in a landslide" in "every poll."
She's voted for 60 tax increases, hurting the middle class and small businesses.
On banning assault weapons.
Gavin Newsom was "the first to take on the National Rifle Association and win."
Payday lenders profit "from the poor by charging 1,000-plus" percent "interest."
Says when Mitt Romney was governor, Massachusetts was 47th in job creation
The illegal caravan of immigrants are flying the Honduras flag as they burn the American flag as they march towards the USA wanting asylum!
Says the Hawaii governor "can't find anything that says (President Barack Obama) was born in Hawaii."
The states that are doing "better" are the ones that have no state income tax.
Nevada will be "energy independent within the immediate future."
Israel cut its illegal immigration rate by "99 percent" by constructing a 143-mile fence along its southern border.
If you have a union job, you're making on average $950 a week. If you have a non-union job, you're making $750 a week.
Rural schools "face the highest dropout rates, the lowest college enrollment rates, have the lowest average teacher salaries..."
Illegal immigration and the crime rate are as low as they've been in decades.
Says that in Texas, Republican nominees "get 40 percent of the Latino vote on average."
The accuracy of the Obama tax calculator
When the price for oil goes up on the markets, it goes right up, but it never goes down.
On ending stop and frisk
The newly created state Immigration Enforcement Review Board "can actually prosecute, and get them [violators] into jail, if we bring in the attorney general."
Says "Your kid just ate 16 packs of sugar."
Virginia ranked 35th in job creation in 2009 under Gov. Tim Kaine, and moved up to third for 2010, while McDonnell has been in office.
Says he has exposed plans by Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker to push legislation that would allow the state to declare financial martial law and take over municipal governments.
Says Barack Obama "counted on Sandy Adams" to approve stimulus spending.
Says President Barack Obama's overturning of the Mexico City Policy means federal tax dollars can be used "to fund abortion all over the world."
Says "in Katrina, they approved $60 billion within 10 days of the storm on a voice vote."
Says Kellyanne Conway said liberal women hate her because of her "striking beauty and intellect."
Georgia is one of only five states where breweries can't sell you a pint of beer to drink on premise or sell you a six-pack to go.
If all of the [Bush-era] tax cuts expire on schedule, the budget will be close to being balanced in four years.
During my administration, for example, we boosted U.S. exports to Canada and Mexico by about 50 percent. That supports about 2.8 million American jobs.
We can fix our roads without raising taxes.
Says "President Obama's proposed oil tax would cost consumers 24 cents a gallon."
We need to pass a carbon tax to stop climate change. Break up the Wall Street banks. And stop the government spying on innocent Americans. Cory Booker doesn't support any of these ideas.
Kansas has not elected somebody other than a Republican (to the U.S. Senate) since before 'The Wizard of Oz' hit the movie theaters.
Since China joined — that's another beauty — the WTO in 2001, the U.S. has lost many more than 60,000 factories.
Make no mistake -- Sherrod Brown is one of the main D.C. politicians responsible for Ohio jobs moving to China.
I have had to fill out FEC reports for the past six years now, and they're much more detailed than a tax return...
Florida has "the second-lowest (campaign) contribution limit in the entire country."
On financial reform, there is "a million dollars being spent, per congressman, in lobbying expenses on this issue. (The) industry has four lobbyists per member of the House and Senate working on this."
Every Republican nominee since Richard Nixon, who at one time was under an audit, has released their tax returns.
ObamaCare will use your tax dollars to provide free Viagra to convicted rapists and registered sex offenders.
The pipe bombs were never mailed.
We've recovered (from the recession) faster and come farther than almost any other advanced country on Earth.
The U.S. unemployment rate has "been massaged, it's been doctored."
Says he "voted for even stronger protections (in the Violence Against Women Act) than Obama's agenda will allow."
We have more coal reserves in the United States than they have oil reserves in Saudi Arabia.
Terry McAuliffe cashed in, walking away with millions from the demise of Global Crossing.
Hispanic students in Florida perform "the best" of any Hispanic population in the United States.
They (Clinton and Obama) have never to my knowledge been involved in legislation nor hearings nor engagement on this issue (climate change).
The majority of people in polls do "not support Obamacare."
Says Romney called Russia our No. 1 enemy.
The typical white male worker in this country is making in real terms what he was making in 1973 and "the average worker is making what they were making in 1996."
Over the past eight years, the United States has reduced our total carbon pollution more than any other nation on Earth.
BUSTED: NASA Accidentally destroys every climate change advocate by exposing massive truth behind Antarctica.
While (Charlie Crist) was governor, utility costs went up 30 percent and went from below the national average to above the national average. Since I got elected, utility rates have come down 11 percent and now we are below the average.
...some of those (tax increases) were either court-ordered, or they were voted on by the people and approved by the people for (such) things as roads.
Says raising the state income tax rate on millionaires to offset property taxes for other residents is "not a tax increase. It's a tax shift."
Says he posted a "win" in the Republican Party of Wisconsin endorsement contest in the U.S. Senate primary.
Says Donald Trump has "bankrupt four separate businesses."
Says getting ex-cons to successfully return to society is important "so we are not always faced constantly with recidivism, which is a big problem in the penitentiary today – in the 70 to 80 percent range."
The "Health Care Compact bill would end Medicare's guaranteed benefit for Tennessee's Medicare recipients and shift management of the federal health care plan to the state's TennCare program."
Women account for 92.3 percent of the jobs lost under Obama.
Says Donald Trump campaigned on not cutting Medicare and Social Security, but his nominee for the Secretary of Health and Human Services, Tom Price, "made his career on cutting Medicare and Medicaid."
Says Rick Perry and the Republican-controlled Texas Legislature "managed to slash the budget of the volunteer fire departments in our state by 75 percent in the last legislative session," reducing their abilities to fight recent wildfires.
Says the state's rainy day fund is "our insurance policy against a major natural disaster."
Since the time of the Civil War, we've made a distinction in this country between the availability and the ability to access for people who were in the military, versus the rest of us, to vote.
Says opponent Chad Chadwell "wants condom techniques demonstrated to your children."
Says in the last five years "Senate Republicans have placed a filibuster on every piece of legislation and every nominee."
Says a trash mound on U.S. 290 is 800 feet tall.
Ronald Reagan "raised taxes in 1982, 1984, 1985, 1986 and 1987."
The Congressional Budget Office "estimates that only 15 percent of this stimulus package will be spent in 2009" and only 37 percent in 2010.
Says each year approximately 30,000 people in the United States die as a result of gunfire, and about 80,000 people are wounded.
Says the stimulus bill sent tax credits overseas, such as "tens of millions of dollars to build traffic lights in China."
A recent study found "that cities where Uber operates have 3.6%-5.6% fewer drunk driving deaths than cities without access to ridesharing."
In the past year, more than 20 percent of Americans have changed their mind about the war in Afghanistan. They conclude we shouldn't be there.
Florida's proposed medical marijuana amendment "would make Florida one of the most lenient medical-marijuana states, allowing use for limitless ‘other conditions' specified by any physician."
If an individual is determined "to commit suicide, the availability of a gun is not a factor" because they will find a way.
Massachusetts under Gov. Mitt Romney initially ranked last among states in job growth, but by the end of his governorship, "we were in the middle of the pack."
Science has not shown greenhouse gases to be a problem.
Chrysler is leaving Mexico and moving back to Michigan.
When total Sandy spending is added up, it's more than the annual budget for the U.S. Department of Homeland Security. And it's more than twice the annual budget of the U.S. Energy Department.
The number of individuals who actually got coverage through the exchange who didn't have coverage before, or who weren't eligible for Medicaid before is relatively small. So we've turned things upside down completely for 3 million, or 4 million, or 5 million individuals.
Already, the mayor of Green Bay is having ribbon-cutting after ribbon-cutting for economic development around the new VA center.
House Dems introduce bill to remove citizenship requirement from presidency.
Says 40 years ago, the U.S. placed Texas under Voting Rights Act for failing to print ballots in Spanish.
Says "Catherine Cortez Masto indicted (Brian Krolicki), who was an innocent man, in order to save Harry Reid's political career"
Says Rick Perry flip-flopped on gay marriage by first saying it was a state's rights issue and then saying he was in favor of a federal constitutional amendment banning gay marriage.
We have right now, … in the state of California, 55 percent of all immigrants are on public assistance.
The new health care law will "force seniors into Barack Obama's government-run health care program."
Gov. Rick Perry "used $3.2 billion in stimulus dollars for schools to plug other holes in his budget."
Everybody acts like President Trump is the one that came up with this idea. ... There are multiple news outlets that have reported former President Barack Obama ordered wiretapping on Trump.
U.S. Reps. Hank Johnson, John Lewis and other members of the Congressional Progressive Caucus are "socialists who are openly serving in the U.S. Congress."
George Allen "had 40,000 earmarks" while he was a senator.
In ad attacking Rick Scott, says three executives of the Columbia/HCA hospital chain he ran were indicted.
Throughout his time in elected office, Barack Obama has taken multiple positions on banning handguns and the D.C. handgun ban.
Says Obama doubled funding for the Pell Grant.
If President Barack Obama strikes a nuclear deal with Iran, "the next president could revoke such an executive agreement with the stroke of a pen and future Congresses could modify the terms of the agreement at any time."
Says he "fought Obama twice and won to stop illegal immigrants from voting."
The man who was in charge of the investigation of Hillary Clinton accepted essentially from Hillary Clinton $675,000 that went to his wife.
In Virginia's Medicaid program, "approximately 30 percent, or $2.7 billion a year, is lost to waste, fraud and inefficiencies."
President-elect Trump's immigration policies are very similar to policies that are sitting right in the Senate and the House today to temporarily suspend immigration from countries that harbor terrorism, to temporarily suspend immigration from Syria until we get better vetting.
There are over 200 documented cases where (Obama) has lied.
Says an illegal immigrant fraudulently claimed children who actually lived in Mexico on income tax forms to collect more than $29,000.
I was the first presidential candidate to lay out a specific, truly universal health care plan.
The state of New York is the "worst in the nation in economic recovery."
When Disney was looking to build Disney World, they came to Miami and we told Disney to take a hike.
George W. Bush doubled the debt from $5 trillion to $10 trillion. President Obama doubled the debt from $10 trillion to $20 trillion. Now we're on course to exceed $30 trillion in the next seven years or so.
Tampa Bay is "leading the state in jobs creation."
Foreign aid "is less than 1 percent of our federal budget."
Says NRA head Wayne LaPierre said, "We believe in absolutely gun-free, zero-tolerance, totally safe schools. That means no guns in America's schools. Period."
Says Trump shirts are made in Bangladesh, Trump suits in Mexico, Trump Vodka in the Netherlands, Trump crystal barware in Slovenia and his cufflinks and ties in China.
Says "I was the first governor in America to endorse Mitt Romney."
There are mechanisms in place to shut down the Internet privately.
Many gang members have taken advantage of "glaring loopholes and our laws to enter the country as illegal, unaccompanied, alien minors."
We rank 38th in wages. ... (Rick Scott) goes out around the country and advertises that to other states.
Says "we are overcharging students . . . to help pay for the health care law."
Defensive medicine costs Georgia up to $14 billion a year.
The American people have endured 21 consecutive months of 9% or higher unemployment [and] 2.6 million jobs have been lost, since the stimulus bill was signed.
Warren Buffett called (Jeff) Greene's scheme 'financial weapons of mass destruction.' 
Republicans fought to protect tax loopholes for corporations that send our jobs overseas.
In Virginia "there has been a billion dollars in surplus over the last three years. The legislature has spent less than 1 percent of that on roads."
A national study of 2,500 charter schools shows that "maybe 20 percent do better than the community public schools, 40 percent or so do worse and the rest are not having any significant difference."
The income tax that started at 2 percent under Governor Byrne is now 9 percent.
Says Hillary Clinton tripled the number of people with AIDS whose "lives are being saved .. and it did not cost you any more money."
I've even cut my own salary -- twice.
We send a billion dollars to foreign countries every day because of our addiction to foreign oil.
Wisconsin is called the Badger State because "our ancestors came here with the hopes of living the American dream by mining."
The wife of the Ferguson, Mo., police chief said African-Americans in Ferguson "are feral and violent."
Sarah Huckabee Sanders dressed up as KKK member on Halloween in 1993.
The average rate of fraud in the Earned Income Tax Credit, Medicare, Medicaid and food stamps programs "is 20 to 25 percent."
U.S. Rep. Stephen Fincher is "the only working farmer currently serving in the House."
The truth was revealed there in that report that showed there was no unlawful or unethical activity on my part.
Bill Heller "raises taxes. Property taxes. Small business taxes. He even wants to tax the Internet. Mr. Heller said no to balancing the federal budget, that puts more debt on our kids."
If a President Romney got a call from the president of the (Mormon church), he has no choice but to obey. It is obedience over family and country.
Under the federal Controlled Substance Act, marijuana is listed in the same Schedule I as heroin, even though "marijuana is not a killer drug like heroin."
David Hogg graduated from Redondo Shores High School in 2015.
Says illegal immigration is "costing us $130 billion a year to house and feed and give benefits to people that shouldn't be even in the country."
Says Mitt Romney wants to "get rid of Planned Parenthood."
Says Marco Rubio voted "against every bill that would have helped keep our families safe. He even voted against a bipartisan measure, introduced by a Republican, to prevent people on the no-fly list from purchasing guns."
Says a Portland school gives Muslim students "their own school provided prayer room, prayer rugs," and lets them "out of class five times a day to pray to Allah."
Before we even passed health care, 4 millions kids got health insurance that didn't have it before, through the Children's Health Insurance Program.
Half of all hospitalized seniors are suffering from malnutrition so severe that it either caused their illness or it prevents them from getting better.
When a car is sent to the United States from China, there is a Tariff to be paid of 2 1/2%. When a car is sent to China from the United States, there is a Tariff to be paid of 25%.
During the Nixon Watergate investigation, "out of courtesy, the FBI started reporting to the Department of Justice. But there was nothing official."
Today Russia holds many of our most precious national security satellites at risk before they ever get off the ground.
When it comes to urgency on passing a budget repair bill, "there's no rush on this thing" because the fiscal year doesn't end until June 30, 2011.
On Medicare for current retirees, he's cutting $716 billion from the program.
The only segment in the beer market that is growing is the craft beer segment.
Says Will Rasmussen supported a sales tax as recently as last spring.
In the last four years, our economy has grown on average 0.9 percent a year.
More than three-quarters of the oil is gone.
We have drawn down to presurge levels. Basra, Mosul and now Sadr City are quiet and it's long and it's tough and there will be setbacks.
California, New York and Massachusetts, they represent about 20 percent of the population, they get close to 36 percent of Obamacare funding. It's just simply inequitable.
Says diversity visa immigrants are not vetted.
Most Americans support the legalization of marijuana.
Crimea was part of Russia "until 1954, when it was given to the Soviet Republic of the Ukraine."
Says Bernie Sanders "voted for regime change with respect to Libya."
BREAKING: Nancy Pelosi Was Just Taken From Her Office In Handcuffs
Massachusetts Sen. Scott Brown shows someone can be bipartisan in Congress because he "votes about 66 percent with his own party."
President Trump last month proposed a $6 billion cut in funding to the National Institutes of Health. And thank God our congressmen made a deal last night to not go along with that. They actually increased funding by $2 billion.
When I took office last year we faced historic budget deficits of $6 billion here in Virginia. And we closed those deficits by cutting spending.
Says Hillary Clinton has spoken "such lies about my foreign policy. They said I want Japan to … get nuclear weapons. Give me a break."
The average margin of victory in the House of Representatives was 37% for Democrats and Republicans in the 2016 election.
Second Roy Moore Accuser Works For Michelle Obama Right NOW
 ‘Obamacare' puts the federal government between you and your doctor.
Mitch McConnell opposed "legislation to create and protect Kentucky jobs . . . help for the unemployed. . . health care for Kentucky's children," and "fair pay for women."
On a cap-and-trade plan.
Says Democrats "want to give (undocumented immigrants) cars."
Barack Obama's health care plan "would leave 15-million Americans out."
Female buffalo lead the herd.
Says Paul Ryan's budget relies on the same $700 billion in savings from Medicare that Mitt Romney and other Republicans have been attacking Democrats about.
Nancy Pelosi wants a Windfall Tax on Retirement Income.
GDP is booming. Let's spread the prosperity to the middle class with big #TaxCuts. Our #TaxReform package doubles standard deduction, brings $$$ back home, and reduces rates for ALL taxpayers. We will #MAGA.
Says David Perdue built his business career outsourcing American jobs.
Says Obama opposes offshore drilling and a gas tax holiday.
Sen. Johnny Isakson voted for a trade agreement, "with China costing Georgia 93,000 jobs."
The Keystone pipeline creates "35 permanent jobs" after construction, according to a government report.
Hackers broke into Virginia's prescription-drug database (and) ... obtained more than 8.2 million patient records and a total of nearly 36 million prescriptions.
I never said that Marco Rubio was Mark Zuckerberg's personal senator.
Takes credit for "substantially reducing the size of the state workforce."
After initially agreeing with Republicans on an amount for Zika funding, "Democrats derailed it."
Nine million people have lower-cost HIV/AIDS medicine because of the work of the Clinton Foundation and my husband.
Says Beto O'Rourke described police as "modern-day Jim Crow."
75 percent of the town boards in Wisconsin have no women on them at all.
You are three times more likely to be able to get a mortgage if you're a white applicant than if you're black or Hispanic, even if you have the same credentials.
I have never voted for a tax increase.
The Keystone XL pipeline "doesn't even have any oil for America."
Congress has 11 percent approval ratings, yet 96.4 percent of incumbent lawmakers were re-elected in 2014.
According to Pew Research, 99 percent of the people in Afghanistan support oppressive Sharia law.
The downsizing of Pinellas County government resulted in about 1,200 people being laid off in a 12 percent unemployment market. … I can tell you that every one of them was hired from the time that Ms. Latvala went into office in 2000.
Gov. McDonnell's proposed budget "is cutting" public education.
While I was mayor of the city of Providence we had the lowest crime rate in 30 years.
Many state and federal agencies have such ‘navigators' involved in helping folks maneuver through the often complex processes associated with filing benefits claims, for example -- even buying health insurance.
Says Obama broke his promise to offer a comprehensive immigration bill in his first year.
Says Dean Heller "broke that promise" to protect expanded Medicaid.
On whether Barack Obama was born in the United States.
In 2009, the FBI "referred more than 71,000" cases of people failing background checks when trying to buy a gun to another federal agency, "but U.S. attorneys ultimately prosecuted only 77 of them."
On opposing any and all efforts to increase taxes.
Says former U.S. Rep. Carol Shea-Porter refused to host town hall meetings during her time in Congress.
Alex Sink funneled three quarters of a million dollars in no-bid contracts to Bank of America.
Says he was "not part of transferring" any priests accused of sexual abuse.
Delta has had the most animal deaths among U.S. carriers in the past five years
For the first time in more than a decade, imports accounted for less than half of (the oil) we consumed.
In California, "the windmills are killing hundreds and hundreds of eagles."
Hillary Clinton in 2005 co-sponsored legislation that would jail flag burners.
Any Republican that has led for two months and led every state has won the GOP nomination.
Between 2008 and 2014, "criminal aliens accounted for 38 percent of all murder convictions in the five states of California, Texas, Arizona, Florida and New York."
Grateful insurance company executives and their lobbyists from Bermuda gave McCain $50,000.
The "mega-rich" pay about 15 percent in taxes, while the middle class "fall into the 15 percent and 25 percent income tax brackets, and then are hit with heavy payroll taxes to boot."
The Taliban has been there for years and years, I mean, hundreds of thousands of years.
[Chicago is the] only city in the United States, you get a B average in high school, community college is free.
More than 1,000 American soldiers have lost their lives in Afghanistan in the last 27 months. This is more than the combined total of the nine years before.
Sherrod Brown's approval rating "has plummeted to 38 percent among Ohio voters" in a poll by a Democratic pollster.
(Brendan) Doherty wants to raise the eligibility age for Social Security benefits for anyone born after 1960, with no regard for the challenges it would cause for people working in physically demanding occupations.
Farming is "one of the fastest growing areas of our economy."
Whales live as long at SeaWorld as they do in the wild.
Says President Obama's "grandmother in Kenya said he was born in Kenya and she was there and witnessed the birth."
Russ Feingold got a memo in 2009 that outlined veteran harm at a Wisconsin VA facility "and nothing was done."
U.S. government reports record tax haul after Trump tax cuts spur economic growth.
Steve Santarsiero wrote PA's Gun Safety Law.
We "have laws on the books designed to prevent people with mental illnesses from getting firearms."
AIG executives ... (took) a junket for over $400,000. Twice.
When students leave our high schools and they go to the community college, 70-75 percent of them have to pay to take remedial math.
false
If you get a flu shot, you're "poisoning yourself."
African-American youth unemployment is 51 percent. Hispanic youth unemployment is 36 percent.
When terrorists killed more than 250 Americans in Lebanon under Ronald Reagan, "the Democrats didn't make that a partisan issue."
There is no good data showing secondhand smoke kills people.
We have never been paid by the Trump campaign.
A scheduled speech by President Barack Obama will be "the first time an American president has spoken directly to the nation's school children about persisting and succeeding in school."
In 2013, the United States "accepted 67 percent of the world's refugees."
On campaign donations from Texas Capitol lobbyists.
In other jurisdictions where (a domestic partnership registry) has been enacted, we have seen that fewer people enter into marriage.
By releasing only basic tax information, former U.S. Congressman Nathan Deal is "hiding more than he's disclosed" about his business dealing with the state.
Michael Bennet cast the deciding vote for the stimulus and the health care bill.
Saudi Arabia has ordered $450 billion, "$110 billion of which is a military order," producing "over a million jobs."
The federal government could save $500 million annually by circulating $1 coins instead of $1 bills.
Says although the unemployment rate seems to be improving, it does not reflect real job creation -- it's caused by a "shrinking of the actual labor force."
We are seeing poverty being reduced in south St. Pete at a number larger than the national average, the state average, county or Tampa and Jacksonville.
Congressman Ryan has secured a grand total of $116,838,763 to date (for the Mahoning Valley) and has an additional $27,095,000 pending in FY2010 spending bills.
The president of the United States ... agrees with me that marriage should be between a man and a woman.
There's no correlation between primary turnout and wins in the fall in the last 11 elections.
Victory! Republicans by 2 to 1 vote to endorse Mark Neumann on first ballot at GOP convention.
Says HB2 "hasn't moved the needle one iota" on North Carolina's economy.
Subsidies for oil and gas companies make up 88 percent of all federal subsidies. Just cutting the oil and gas subsidies out would save the U.S. government $45 billion every year.
North Carolina has "one of the fastest growing populations as well as the fastest growing economy in the country."
Medical-grade marijuana alone will not get that patient ‘high,' no matter what level of THC, CBD or any other compound is found in the plant.
Says Rep. Mike Coffman is "the one who said" he would support Trump.
Sixty-one percent of our bridges are in trouble.
Georgia ranks 49th for women serving in elected state and federal offices.
Said Adolf Hitler and Donald Trump have both described deportations as "a military operation."
Within just a few years, immigration as a share of national population is set to break all historical records.
Marco Rubio made it clear: Not only does he think Donald Trump is a con man, he went on to say he doesn't trust Donald Trump with the nuclear codes.
Over the next two years, this $1.8 billion deficit will cost individual Wisconsinites $300 each, or $1,200 for families of four.
Eighty-five percent . . . of Rhode Island tax returns that were filed for the year 2010 . . . were from individuals who earned $30,000 or less.
He's the only candidate who's balanced budgets and brought jobs to Providence.
Less than 1 percent of 1 percent of the American population has given an amount over $200 to a federal political campaign.
Rhode Island has taken its federal Medicaid funding and shown it can run the program more cost-effectively than the federal government.
The top one-tenth of 1 percent now owns almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent.
Road congestion costs rush hour drivers in Austin and Dallas more than $1,000 a year. And in Houston, it's even more -- almost $1,500 a year.
Says the Koch brothers want to "protect tax cuts for companies that ship our jobs overseas."
By age 65, the average woman will have lost $431,000 throughout her working career was a result of the pay gap.
Says Attorney General Loretta Lynch "was a member of Bill Clinton's defense team during the 1992 Whitewater corruption probe."
Seven of America's 10 wealthiest counties are in the Washington, D.C., area.
Women make only 78 percent of what men make for the same job.
Says Proposition 205 "blocks market entry" for new marijuana dispensaries.
We've "lifted high school graduation rates to new highs."
Abortionists have reduced our black population by more than 25 percent since 1973.
Alex Sink was "the first official who said that BP should pay $25 million for an ad campaign to promote Florida tourism."
380 Americans have been killed in 294 mass shootings in 2015 alone.
Bill McCollum explained his lack of action on mortgage fraud by saying, "You can't do everything."
The people of Tiverton have historically supported [gambling measures] at a rate higher than the rest of the state.
Says "last year the graduation rate for our combined six-district footprint jumped 5.5 percent."
Says that as Wisconsin governor, "we ended welfare."
In the health care bill, we're now offering insurance for dogs.
Under Gov. (Rick) Scott's leadership, Florida has had much success in lowering the rate of uninsured children.
Two options for a new train station site in Buffalo are at Canalside
Under the Endangered Species Act, "only 1 percent of the species that have been listed have actually been delisted."
Congress will begin its recess "without having allocated one penny" to fight Zika.
The pass rate for a high school level test to join the military is 35 to 40 percent.
The Pasco County budget "has doubled in the past three years."
Seven of the 10 school districts with the lowest graduation rate for African-American boys in the country are in Florida.
John McCain said last year he didn't know of a solution to the mortgage crisis.
Says five Democratic state senators were for her bicycle tailgating bill "before they were against it."
The Manchin-Toomey amendment "would have criminalized certain private transfers of firearms between honest citizens, requiring lifelong friends, neighbors and some family members" to get government approval.
The New York State Senate "passed legislation allowing minors to race snowmobiles, get their own hunting licenses, and not be employed gathering or picking rags, cigar stumps, or collecting bones."
Nathan Deal cut the HOPE scholarship program so that literally 100,000 Georgians will not be able to go to college or get technical training that they so badly needed to raise -- you know, give them a chance at a good job.
Governor's proposed budget raids K-12 school funds to grow DHS again.
Jerry Brown "gave California state employees collective bargaining powers" and "now, state employees can retire at 55 with much of their salary for life."
New Jersey taxpayers … will now face the highest tolls in the country.
America used to be the third easiest country to get established in a business. It's now number 17.
The Trans-Pacific Partnership "knocks out 18,000 tariffs that other countries place on American products and goods."
As California's Insurance Commissioner, "Steve Poizner pledged to block immigrant children from ever getting MediCal health insurance."
In Trump's first year as president, job growth slowed to a six-year low.
Says Gavin Newsom "didn't solve the homeless problem at all" as mayor of San Francisco, "and it's gotten worse."
I sponsored the new Buy American law
Says Hillary Clinton "refuses to testify before Congress" about the 2012 attack in Benghazi.
Says under President Barack Obama, the United States has created "five million jobs."
Unemployment in Texas has risen over two percentage points with Rick Perry as governor.
In light of the leak of my financial disclosure info which is a felony I will be contacting @FBI and the @TheJusticeDept
Says Mitt Romney "put Planned Parenthood on a state medical board but failed to put a pro-life group on the same board."
Georgia "spends in the top 10 nationally on education, yet, most of our education metrics hover in the bottom five."
Says Stefani Carter "repeatedly used her campaign contributors' donations to rent margarita machines for our state house office."
I think what the authors of the (25th) Amendment principally had in mind was some kind of physical incapacitation or serious mental illness or a breakdown, an inability to function in office.
National Guard storms Mexico border, makes game-changing impact in just 30 days
A "working woman" will earn $7.70 on $10.
Hillsborough's Public Transportation Commission has "a rule that says cabbies have to wear socks. I mean, please. Come on."
Obama voted to support President Bush between 40 and 50 percent of the time over the past two years.
Over $13 million worth of crops have ROTTED in California, all because no one is willing to work jobs vacated by migrants.
Recent data showed Nevada ranks 50th in the money received from the stimulus bill.
Scientists are "questioning the original idea that man-made global warming is what is causing the climate to change. … (It is) more and more being put into question."
Says Kelli Ward hosted a town hall on "chemtrail conspiracy theories" and is open to sponsoring chemtrails legislation.
Dan Branch "once lobbied for the AFL-CIO."
The birther movement was started by Hillary Clinton in 2008. She was all in!
Says Rick Perry "provided in-state tuition... for illegal immigrants."
Says Donald Trump said he intends "to open up additional areas off the coast to oil drilling" during the campaign.
The DEA just raided a United States senator — Dems in a panic.
Midland, Texas, now beats the San Francisco area in the percentage of jobs created by startups.
Says Obama flip-flopped on a gas-tax "holiday."
Without ethanol, gas prices would be at least 15% higher. With gas at four bucks, that means you're saving 12 bucks on a 20 gallon fill up.
If they made no changes whatsoever, the [state employees pension] plan still had enough money to go forward for approximately the next 16 years.
Unfortunately, since Mr. Foster's been mayor ... there are less people employed in the city of St. Petersburg than there were prior to his taking office.
Says the 2014-15 Texas budget increases spending by less than the rate of inflation and population growth.
On opposition to earmarks
Rep. Peter Petrarca "voted on two pieces of legislation that helped auto body shops ... and at that point I think there is a conflict of interest."
By allowing brewpubs to sell beer, Georgia could become like Mexico with only a couple of manufacturers controlling all aspects of market.
Republican challenger Bill Flores "has never once voted in a general election in our district."
The average life expectancy for African Americans in Saint Louis and Saint Louis County varies by as much as 18 years compared to the white population, with nearly half of all African-American kids under the age of 18 living in poverty.
Putin Interference Could Give Courts Legal Right to Make Hillary President.
Says Mitt Romney "called the Arizona law a model for the nation."
Rick Perry accepted more stimulus funds than any other governor except the governors of California and New York.
The DREAM Act the "would give amnesty to over two million illegal aliens."
One state even spent a million bucks to put up signs that advertise that they were spending on the federal stimulus projects.
mostly false
In nine Democratic debates, "We've not had one question about a woman's right to make her own decisions about reproductive health care, not one question."
Says Bill Nelson is "one of America's most independent senators."
March For Our Lives is backed by radicals with a history of violent threats, language and actions.
Says Jon Huntsman supports changes in Medicare that would deny guaranteed benefits to 980,000 New Hampshire residents.
Americans "have never paid more for gas at the pump."
Says salaries and benefits for Wisconsin state employee comprised 8.5 percent of the 2009-2011 state budget.
Says Mitt Romney and Bain Capital are to blame in a woman's premature death when they closed the plant where her husband worked.
In the last decade, 73% of new jobs (in Wisconsin) have come from Madison.
Says Ted Cruz said, "When gays stayed hidden we had no mass shootings; we had no public nudity. Society was polite. Now anything and everything goes and I blame them."
Says Hillary Clinton is "wrong" to say he mocked a disabled reporter.
Says Bill Nelson sold agricultural land "for home development, pocketing at least $1.4 million."
On whether to run for the U.S. Senate as an independent.
Democrats rang up a $1.42 trillion budget deficit in 2009 — the single largest in American history.
Sixty-one percent of our active military are currently listed as overweight.
North Korea "has over two-dozen nuclear warheads."
As written, the (Illinois school funding) bill includes a bailout of Chicago's broken teacher pension system.
I have spent virtually every weekend since Memorial Day in the Panhandle.
On receiving campaign contributions from out-of-state donors
Every (U.S. Supreme Court) nominee since 1875 has received a nomination hearing.
Hate crimes against American Muslims and mosques have tripled after Paris and San Bernardino.
On supporting the eventual Republican presidential nominee
We would be just like North Carolina with HB2-like (transgender bathroom) legislation. It actually passed our chamber and I vetoed it.
In Senate Bill 5, there is this new method of evaluating teachers. … You're also going to be rated on what the parents think of you and they can send questionnaires and surveys home to parents.
Actor Brad Pitt: ‘Trump is not my president, we have no future with this…'
Says Beto O'Rourke had a "resolution to legalize all narcotics--including heroin and other deadly opioids."
Two years ago motorists in Ferguson, a city of 20,000 people, "received 31,000 citations. That's at least one citation per person plus 10,000 for visitors. The city is still surviving only on traffic tickets; there's virtually no industry there."
The Navy "is bringing charges against" a Navy officer who shot at the Chattanooga shooter "for illegally discharging a firearm on federal property."
Ron Klein "repeatedly voted in favor of amnesty for illegal immigrants."
Abortion coverage is a standard insurance benefit "in nearly 90 percent of private plans sold in the U.S."
The signers of the Declaration of Independence were "brave people, most of whom, by the way, were clergymen."
Hillary Clinton "supports unlimited abortion on demand up until the moment of birth, including partial-birth abortion, with taxpayer funding."
Michael Untermeyer has been a Democrat for more than 40 years.
[Renewable energy] projects . . . get us off foreign oil and away, step by step, from these foreign entanglements that we have to get into to defend our oil supply.
Broward County's unemployment rate of 5.3 percent is "the lowest in Florida."
On (Tom) Wolf's watch, taxes were high, killing 100,000 PA jobs.
Georgia has the highest flu activity in the country.
Obamacare "was the Republican plan in the early '90s."
Just in: John Kerry facing prison.
The United States "stood alone in the war in Iraq."
Says Florida has "roughly 1,500 resource officers dealing with about 3,800 schools."
Says Georgia Democratic Senate hopeful Michelle Nunn supports higher taxes.
We wiped out a $3.6 billion deficit without raising taxes.
The health care plan for members of Congress "is no better than the janitor who cleans their offices."
Since 2007, "Texas has gained 440,000 people" while "Maryland has lost 20,000."
The book Little Red Riding Hood is something "that's been banned in America," but not assault weapons.
Says Delta offers a discount to Planned Parenthood.
The St. Norbert College/Wisconsin Public Radio poll has "been wrong in almost every election."
Says if elected, he would be the first Mayor who lives east of 82nd.
In just a few years in office, Sen. Obama has accumulated the most liberal voting record in the Senate.
Says he "voted for disaster relief and full funding of FEMA."
Says "as of November, we were ranked 45th in the nation in terms of job creation, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics."
We spend $18 billion a year on making sure that the federal government has immigrant enforcement agents. That's more than DEA and the ATF and the FBI and all the other enforcement (agencies) combined.
Says Florida had five sanctuary cities while Jeb Bush was governor.
Repealing Obamacare saves "our nation more than $2 trillion."
We import more oil today than ever before.
Under the "Obama economy ... utility bills are higher."
I have no financial interests in Saudi Arabia.
It has been over 80 years since a lame-duck president appointed a Supreme Court justice.
The Affordable Care Act is "making families pay double-digit premium increases."
Says Melania Trump hired exorcist to "cleanse White House of Obama demons."
No president in history has imposed larger personal lifestyle costs on the taxpayer than Donald Trump.
Our numbers are going up at the airport.
Says less than half of 1 percent of all the Texas legislators who ever served draw "a benefit" from pensions tied to the salaries of state district judges.
Of all cities in the United States with more than 100,000 people, Providence is the 183rd safest.
Says Bernie Sanders opposes "requiring all children to have a K-12 education."
Government employees make 43 percent more in wages and benefits than private-sector workers.
Tim Kaine hiked tuition as governor, but now claims to champion affordability.
What were the old annual deficits under Republicans have now become the monthly deficits under Democrats.
Says President Obama "was proposing pinprick strikes" for military intervention in Syria.
Homeopathy, acupuncture and aromatherapy "have been given elevated legitimacy under the Affordable Care Act."
Says Democratic challenger Gina Ortiz Jones has raised "more money from Massachusetts than" from Texas.
While southern Illinois families struggled, Mike Bost "voted to raise his own pay."
Says. Rep. Joe Barton, R-Texas, once said, "Wind is a finite resource and harnessing it would slow the winds down, which would cause the temperature to go up."
Congressional lawmakers earn their salaries "FOR LIFE," which for House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi would add up to "$803,700 Dollars a year for LIFE including FREE medical."
Austin politicians want to cram more kids into classrooms so they don't have to make the tough decisions to balance the budget.
The world's 62 richest people own the same wealth as the 3.6 billion poorest.
At the beginning of World War II, we had a relatively small army, smaller than Portugal's.
Says Florida refused to allow the insurance commissioner to "negotiate lower rates with companies or refuse rates that are too high" under Obamacare.
In Cover Florida "thousands already enrolled and climbing."
Florida pays our teachers $10,000 a year less than the national average.
Roy Cooper's refusal to do his job is costing taxpayers money.
Under the Graham-Cassidy health insurance bill, in "states like Maine, Virginia, Florida, Missouri, there will be billions more dollars to provide health insurance coverage for those in those states who have been passed by by Obamacare."
The Trans-Pacific Partnership "was designed for China to come in, as they always do, through the back door and totally take advantage of everyone."
Says Beto O'Rourke wants "open borders and wants to take our guns."
 'Scary' fact about our national debt. In 1791 it was $75 million. Today, it rises by that amount in about an hour.
John Faso took money from fossil fuel companies as they tried to take your land by eminent domain for a fracked gas pipeline.
There is little if any evidence that the use of red light cameras in New Jersey has reduced the number or severity of accidents at the intersections where they are used.
Classified material has a header which says ‘top-secret, secret, confidential.' Nothing, and I will repeat this and this is verified in the report by the Department of Justice, none of the emails sent or received by me had such a header.
In the current law, if you report harassment, you're the one that has to go into 20 hours of counseling before you can decide whether you were really harassed.
Big oil's filling John McCain's campaign with $2-million in contributions.
In the state of Indiana, I've signed more than $3.5 billion in tax relief.
Most voters prefer zombies to the current U.S. Congress.
On President Barack Obama's stimulus
John Kitzhaber is the only pro-choice candidate in the race for governor.
The fiscal cliff agreement was "the largest tax increase in history."
Every day, four North Carolinians die from a medication or drug overdose.
Forty-five percent of those who've been unemployed, they've been unemployed for six months or longer.
The form students fill out to get college financial aid is "longer than the form to get U.S. citizenship."
The total (state) payroll has gone down. The total amount of the number of workers in the state has gone down. I like the fact that the bulk of that is just by retirements.
Presidents Hoover, Truman and Eisenhower collectively ordered the deportation of at least 15 million illegal aliens.
Federal spending on entitlements "is projected to consume all revenue by 2045."
My state of Florida is now the third-largest state. We have surpassed New York in population.
Half of everyone that's here illegally (in the U.S.) came here legally on a visa and have overstayed their visa.
Says Texas voters are being asked to act this November on a proposed constitutional amendment affecting property taxes.
Medicare has at least $80 billion worth of fraud a year. That's a full 20 percent of every dollar that's spent on Medicare goes to fraud.
70,000 three-year-olds and four-year-olds across America will lose access to the preschool Head Start program. ... 2,000 in the state of Florida alone.
When two judges said it was illegal to fire a teacher who viewed pornography at school, "Tony Evers worked with Republicans and Democrats and changed the law."
Says 2010 was the "worst year ever for America's doctors" reimbursed by Medicare.
Says 3,000 Americans "died of gunfire" between the time of the Ebola scare in Dallas and the midterm elections.
Mitt Romney "says the Arizona immigration law should be a model for the nation."
Mitt Romney is the first major party candidate for president of the United States in modern times not to release at least 12 years of tax returns.
The federal government "may put 16,500 IRS agents in charge of policing President Obama's health care bill."
As governor of Massachusetts, "Romney reduced unemployment to just 4.7 percent."
Says he "helped save" the Olympic games.
Democrats in the 1930s wanted President Franklin Roosevelt "to be more conservative."
Out of the total U.S. military budget, "significantly less than 10 percent of that money is used to fight international terrorism."
We are number one in the world when it comes to energy resources. ... The Russians are second; Saudi Arabia is number three.
Says judges are using Shariah law in Dearborn, Mich.
When President Barack Obama "signed the executive order (on DACA, he) actually said he doesn't have the right to do this."
The government does not need a warrant to read your old emails.
Says Mitt Romney "has refused to say whether he would have vetoed or signed the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act."
It was Dan Sullivan who wrote a bill to cut Alaskans out of those decisions about where they can hunt and fish.
Rick Santorum "reformed welfare."
Kewpie burgers are delicious. An Ohio institution. And they'll cost less thanks to John Kasich's tax cut.
When it comes to jobless workers, "Mitt Romney says he likes to fire people."
State budget cuts for local schools resulted in "nearly 4,000 educator layoffs"
Says Donald "Trump got, you know, $1.8 billion worth of free media. I got, like, none."
Says MSNBC called the Florida governor's race for Andrew Gillum before Election Day.
Unions did not create the eight-hour work day and the 40-hour work week. "Henry Ford did."
Says Kevin Cramer voted to let insurance companies go back to denying coverage for 300,000 North Dakotans with pre-existing conditions.
Ronald Reagan faced an even worse recession than the current one.
Says you can buy four light bulbs for $1.99 at Walmart, while a single compact fluorescent lamp (CFL) costs "$10 a pop."
Barack Obama "pays for every dime" of his spending plans.
According to SCUBA divers, Summersville Lake is the clearest freshwater lake east of the Mississippi River.
Says Stacey Abrams posed with a campaign sign that described her as a "communist" and part of the "Muslim-Brotherhood"
People can use food stamps for anything, including to go to Hawaii, and even millionaires can qualify.
The pension fund in the city of Providence is only 30 percent funded, about the same level as when he [Taveras] took office.
On whether the state should ramp up borrowing to build roads.
Oil money from federal leases "can only be used to clean up the mess and damages from drilling."
Says President Barack Obama "himself has granted waivers allowing into the United States refugees who provided material support to terrorists."
Says Republicans supported legislation on early voting and in-person voting in 2005.
HIV/AIDS is "dramatically on the rise in the U.S. South."
You worked hard for your money and you paid your taxes when you earned it. Now, (Indiana Republican congressional candidate) Todd Young wants to tax it again when you spend it.
Ohio's credit rating is "as high as you can get, AA+."
Says Katie McGinty "actually agrees with Hillary Clinton and the most liberal wing of the Democrats on everything."
Says the "South African Government is now seizing land from white farmers" and alleges a "large scale killing of farmers" in the country.
I remember years ago looking at a CBO report that in 1964 predicted that Medicare would cost $9 billion 10 years later. And I think it was already over $100 billion at that point.
In the case of a catastrophic event, the Atlanta-area offices of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention will self-destruct.
Says Beto O'Rourke "voted against" Hurricane Harvey "tax relief."
The city of San Antonio reuses almost 40 percent of its water. You know how much the city of Austin reuses? About 5 percent. And that's not right. We can do better.
Over 20 percent of the electorate is Hispanic in Florida.
Food waste is the 3rd largest contributor of greenhouse gas emissions.
Polls on legalizing same-sex marriage "are not dramatically changing."
Seven out of the 10 states with the lowest unemployment rates (have) Republican governors … That approach that Republicans are using is working.
Nearly 65 percent -- almost two-thirds -- of all new permanent residents obtained that status by virtue of their family status.
Says caravans of people are coming to cross the Mexico-U.S. border.
The State Election Board has issued nearly $275,000 in fines to violators of absentee ballot laws.
Says Heidi Heitkamp "cast the deciding vote to kill the Congressional Review Act that would have repealed a BLM flaring rule that was designed just for North Dakota."
Studies show that if we opened one reserve in Alaska now, in five years, gas prices could be at $2 a gallon.
California is growing a hell of a lot faster than Texas.
Tax dodging costs developing countries $200 billion every year.
Says the U.S. Attorney's Office said "that neither I nor my campaign had any idea what was going on" regarding my father's illegal campaign contributions. "And that's why they closed this case."
Bike lanes and sidewalks have been proven to reduce crashes by up to 38 percent on Austin's streets.
Says Washington state has "consistently ranked in the top five in the Forbes list of best states to do business — ahead of Texas."
The governor's cuts would kick over 8,000 people out of their homes.
Over the past five years, the American automobile industry has "created about 500,000 new jobs."
Starbucks just placed Trump's photo on (the) floor so every customer (has) to step on it.
Says New Jersey is "down nearly 200,000 jobs from its pre-recession peak" and with Gov. Chris Christie "New Jersey has trailed the rest of America when it comes to unemployment" for 12 consecutive months.
Mayor Giuliani made New York City what's known as a 'sanctuary city,' where illegal aliens were allowed to come. And he instructed the leaders of the city not to enforce the law, not to enforce immigration law.
Says 11 states have more people on welfare than employed.
Says President Donald Trump "has signed more laws cutting through federal red tape than any president in American history and has already saved businesses and families up to $18 billion in red tape costs every year."
If African-Americans vote their percentage of the population in 2008, "Mississippi is suddenly a Democratic state."
Banks paid Hillary Clinton "over $1 million and are contributing millions more to elect her."
When the president's spokesman was asked about (Anwar) al-Awlaki's son, … he said he should have chosen a more responsible father.
Seniors will see $500 billion in Medicare cuts to fund Obamacare.
The pope and Donald Trump and Tammy Baldwin all agree on eliminating the "carried-interest" tax break.
Today, we import triple the amount of oil than we had on the day Senator McCain took office.
Ann McLane Kuster is "for a government takeover of health care more radical than Obamacare. And she supports a $700 billion cut to Medicare for current retirees."
Over the past few months, we've learned that "we just can't count on the media to debunk" lies about health insurance reform.
Barack Obama "refuses to acknowledge Jerusalem as the capital of Israel."
Says Adam Putnam "was for amnesty."
The biggest contribution behind a decrease in U.S. unemployment "was 1.2 million people leaving the workforce"
Rubio's "got more experience than Obama had."
Says the State Department has "had half a year" to respond to a Benghazi document request, yet "I have not gotten a single, solitary scrap of paper."
Taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of Air Force One on the campaign trail by President Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton.
We get 30 percent of our oil from the Gulf (of Mexico).
92 percent of the jobs lost during Barack Obama's first term belonged to women.
Texas Governor Rick Perry's voter ID law is a blatant effort to defeat Wendy Davis by disenfranchising tens of thousands of women voters.
In Wisconsin, Foxconn has "4,000 jobs, people making $53,000 a year."
Obama orders ban on Christmas cards to military.
Mexican government officials "hand out brochures showing individuals how they can avoid our Border Patrol, how they can get into our country."
The inauguration of Donald Trump "will be the first one that I miss since I've been in Congress."
There are no federal or state laws that say prosecutors must seek death sentences. And the United States Supreme Court has banned all state laws that make executions mandatory for murders.
Non-defense discretionary spending has increased "by over 80 percent in the last two years."
Says Jeb Bush "appointed a guardian for the fetus of a rape survivor."
Congressman Patrick Murphy voted to keep the scandal-ridden IRS in charge of enforcing Obamacare.
Here's something that people never talk about with coach Schiano: Rutgers had the best graduation rate of any Division I football program in America.
Obama "basically threatened to bomb Pakistan."
We're destroying more businesses in the United States now than are being created for the first time in our history.
We've had a dramatic drop in violent crime since this law (‘stand your ground') has been in effect.
The current city mayor (Kasim Reed) has been virtually absent in terms of regional cooperation the last eight years.
Says stories about his birth certificate drowned out media coverage of the Republican and White House budget plans the week of April 11.
If the House of Representatives fails to extend the middle-class tax cuts, 400,000 middle-class Rhode Island families will see their federal income taxes increase.
Says that when Michelle Fields "found out that there was a security camera, and that they had her on tape, all of a sudden that story changed."
Recovery.gov listed congressional districts that "do not exist."
It used to be the policy of the Republican Party to get rid of the Department of Education. We finally get in charge and a chance to do something, so we double the size of the Department of Education.
If you became a Medicaid recipient through the Obamacare expansion, you are grandfathered in.
There are countries in Africa where they have higher vaccination rates than here in the United States.
ISIS is in 32 countries.
President Trump's Republican Party will create more debt in one year than was generated in the first 200 years of America's existence.
About 2 percent of Americans get paid the minimum wage.
One thing that is much more unpopular than the Affordable Care Act is repealing the Affordable Care Act.
There are already more American jobs in the solar industry than in coal mining.
We can save $125 billion in simply not giving out money to Medicare recipients that don't exist for procedures that didn't happen.
Says Larry Taylor gave "in-state tuition to illegal immigrants."
The cap-and-trade bill before Congress "prevents you from selling your home without the permission of the EPA administrator."
The cost of "health care is now the single-biggest factor driving down" the federal budget deficit.
Says he and his running mate "are the only candidates that do believe in free trade."
Says cuts by Gov. Rick Perry's administration left "12,000 teachers without a job."
The Agriculture Department estimates that roughly 42 percent of the corn crop will be used to make ethanol -- more than the amount of corn used to feed livestock and poultry in the United States.
Says HB2 has hurt North Carolina's economy by "one-tenth of 1 percent of our annual GDP."
The majority support (raising) the minimum wage.
Says Chris Christie was "behind" in the polls against Jon Corzine during the 2009 governor's race.
Our African-American communities are absolutely in the worst shape they've ever been in before. Ever. Ever. Ever.
Eighty percent of the net new jobs created in the state of Texas since 2009 went to the foreign-born.
[L]ess than one-tenth of Atlanta's transportation needs are covered in a referendum to levy a 1-cent sales tax.
Says Wisconsin Senate recall candidate Jessica King "voted to increase her pay with taxpayer dollars by 63 percent."
Except for Virginia, "the other 49 states keep raising their gas tax."
During my administration, funding for education has increased by over $930 million.
In Hawaii, "they don't have a history of throwing incumbents out of office."
The Obama Administration's own White House Council of Economic Advisers has estimated 4.7 million Americans will lose their jobs if the (health care) bill passes.
The Electric Reliability Council of Texas (ERCOT) has estimated that the Obama administration's Power Plan will cause energy costs in Texas to rise as much as 16 percent per year.
One Texas school "district alone -- Austin ISD -- is expected to lose more than $530 million in local property taxes to Robin Hood this year."
Spending increases, not tax cuts, are the major cause of the federal budget deficit.
Ohio Republicans made significant gains during [Chris McNulty's] time at the ORP, including the extremely successful re-election of President Bush in Ohio."
You lie! (in response to President Obama saying health reform would not insure illegal immigrants.)
While California's population has doubled since the 1970s, we haven't completed a single major (water) storage project in that time.
This is not a mosque. It's a cultural center that has a prayer area.
The HOPE scholarship "has helped turn our University System into one of the best in the Southeast, with two institutions ranked in the top 20 of public universities in the country."
Look, the earmarks have come down significantly, 75 percent.
Under Scott Walker, Wisconsin is "still 16,000 manufacturing jobs lower than we were during the recession."
The federal health care law raises taxes and cuts Medicare.
Every 28 hours an unarmed black person is shot by a cop.
Says Hillary Clinton "said she was under attack (in Bosnia) but the attack turned out to be young girls handing her flowers."
Republicans in the General Assembly cut teacher pay so much when they took over in 2011 that even with recent pay raises, we are still below pre-Recession pay levels.
Experts say the property tax "is the most harmful to economic growth and . . . the sales tax is least harmful."
Kasich's budget raised taxes by billions, hitting businesses hard and the middle class even harder.
Democrats mistakenly tweet 2014 pictures from Obama's term showing children from the Border in steel cages.
Says Mark Pryor voted "to give Social Security benefits to illegal immigrants."
Says Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan would "eliminate the guarantee of Medicare."
Says Rep. John Katko "promised he wouldn't vote to defund Planned Parenthood and since he's been in office he's done that four times"
In 2001, former Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan "justified increasing spending and cutting taxes, saying that we didn't really need to pay down the debt."
Says "Barack Obama and his team" are "socialists in every respect of the word."
On changing the rules for filibusters on presidential nominees
Things went wrong with the Medicare prescription D plan that George Bush rolled out.
I've cut a half a billion (dollars) out of the EPA just in the last two years. We've cut 3,000 jobs out of the EPA.
Ohioans can expect to pay up to 41 percent more for their insurance premiums when Obamacare takes effect next year.
A poll found that "20% of young adults use (smartphones) during sex."
David Cicilline was the state representative who opposed tough mandatory sentences for those convicted of domestic violence and child abuse.
Even members of the NRA, when they were polled recently, were under the impression that everyone has a criminal background check.
American schools are "more segregated than they were in the 1960s."
Sarah Palin Calls To Boycott Mall Of America Because ‘Santa Was Always White In The Bible.'
Some of the safest communities in the United States are along the border.
U.S. unemployment among people ages 16 to 24 is "18.4 percent, which is a 60-year high."
Under Virginia law, if you are a non-federally licensed (gun) dealer, you cannot get a background check even if you want one.
Abraham Lincoln "visited and some say even danced in (the Ohio Senate) chamber."
What is the maximum number of students allowed in your classroom? ... 30 or more!
President Trump in his first year and a half has already tripled what President Obama did (for African-American employment) in eight years.
Says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker "has threatened to call out the National Guard if workers protest against" changes to bargaining laws.
During the 2005 fight over Social Security, "there were noisy demonstrations — but they were outside the events," and opponents were "not disruptive — crowds booed lines they didn't like, but that was about it."
Welfare programs caused more long-term damage to Detroit than the atomic bomb caused to Hiroshima
Following the catastrophic, cascading collapse of major investment banks on Wall Street in 2007.....Nobody was prosecuted, no hearings were held and no reforms were implemented.
Says Hillary Clinton "completely ignored" "dozens and dozens of requests for more security" for the Benghazi consulate.
Says "Rep. Jim Weidner proposed a bill taking away health care for 80,000 of Oregon's children."
Under President Obama: $4,000 tax hike on middle-class families.
By voting for Obamacare, Sen. Kay Hagan "voted to kill the equivalent of 2.5 million jobs."
Says John Podesta's email password was "password."
Says a voter-adopted constitutional amendment "instructed" a state board headed by Jerry Patterson to put $300 million in investment earnings into a fund supporting public school operations.
The majority actually want single-payer health care.
Says Nancy Pelosi said, "Waiting long hours in the emergency room will allow you to make new friends!"
Says Hillary Clinton and the Democrats "admitted there's one candidate who scares Hillary Clinton, and that's Sen. Marco Rubio."
We spend twice as much per capita on health care as any other nation on Earth.
All of Florida's four-year state colleges now offer bachelor's degrees for only $10,000.
Says Virginia saved $300 million by rebidding a Metrorail construction project to exclude guaranteed union contracts.
New tax increases that went into effect on Jan. 1, 2015, "all passed under the Affordable Care Act, aka Obamacare."
The commission form of government is definitely losing favor in the United States.
Florida has a law like (Indiana's Religious Freedom Restoration Act).
Says Vince Polistina is "collecting nearly $70,000 in taxpayer-funded salaries -- plus a government pension."
The Democrat-backed health care reform plan "will require (Americans) to subsidize abortion with their hard-earned tax dollars."
The Pentagon made up the since-debunked heroics of POW Jessica Lynch as she tried to avoid capture in Iraq.
(New Jersey Network) is the only news station which covers New Jersey government.
A viral image shows LeBron James wearing a T-shirt that reads, "We march, y'all mad. We sit down, y'all mad. We speak up, y'all mad. We die, y'all silent."
Twenty-five or 24 million people are "out of work or stopped looking for work."
European allies "pay us $2.5 billion a year to keep our forces there. It would cost us more money to bring the troops home than to keep them in Europe."
Florida spends more than $300 million a year just on children repeating pre-K through 3rd grade.
Says President John F. Kennedy released a star Green Bay Packer from military reserve duty so that he could play in the 1961 NFL Championship Game.
Says U.S. Sen. Ron Johnson "led the fight to let polluters release unlimited amounts of carbon pollution and took nearly $225,000 from polluters."
If Gov. Romney's plan goes into effect … the average senior would have to pay $460 a year more in tax for their Social Security.
The Republicans didn't have a budget in '02, '04, '06.
Supreme Court 15 times over the last 120 years has said marriage is a fundamental right and never said "it had to be between a man and a woman."
Florida Democrats "put my Social Security number and my wife's Employment Identification Number in a mail piece."
When New York Gov. Eliot Spitzer wanted to "provide driver's licenses to those who are undocumented. (Hillary Clinton) said don't do it."
Says James Clapper "and virtually everyone else" said "there is no collusion" in the Russia investigation findings.
Says "Danny Tarkanian … wants to defund Planned Parenthood and would outlaw a woman's right to choose, even in cases of rape or incest."
Despite the U.S. spending $10 billion on Iraq's electrical system, Baghdad still only gets five hours of electricity a day.
If the sequester hits, federal prosecutors will have to "let criminals go."
In comparing mass shootings, "France had a higher casualty rate in one year than the entire two administrations of Barack Obama."
When he took office in 2009, President Barack Obama "had the biggest Democratic majorities in Congress since Lyndon Johnson."
Wayne Powell has a "stated position of having no objection to taking `In God We Trust" off of U.S. currency."
40 percent of U.S. gun sales "are occurring outside of" licensed gun dealers.
The Kenosha casino would be one of the state's largest employers and pay more to the state than any other company or Tribe – essentially, it would be Wisconsin's biggest taxpayer.
The United States sends "$300 billion -- half our trade deficit -- overseas for oil to unstable and unfriendly regimes."
Says that in polls about 2016 candidate leadership skills, he comes out "two and three and four times higher than anybody else."
Health care premiums up 90 percent in New Hampshire.
More than 50 percent of those people getting minimum wage in this state are high school students.
When President Obama landed in Cuba on Air Force One, no leader was there, nobody, to greet him -- perhaps an incident without precedent in the long and prestigious history of Air Force One.
The Obama administration "actually cut out the democracy in Egypt funds inside the State Department."
I believe, Senator Clinton, you've raised more money from those people (the oil and gas industry) than any candidate, Democrat or Republican.
The United States is the No. 1 country in the world for energy resources. … We are the king daddy dogs when it comes to energy.
More Americans have died from guns in the United States since 1968 than on battlefields of all the wars in American history.
President Bush never did one interview with the New York Times during his entire presidency.
Says in 2002, he "won more Hispanic votes than Anglo votes, 60 percent in the state."
Florida's proposed amendment for medical marijuana would allow "people who alleged minor ailments such as muscle spasms, neck pain, back pain and even menstrual cramps (to qualify) for government-sanctioned pot-smoking."
The media "widely overlooked" comments made by former President Bill Clinton that Hillary Clinton had a terrible concussion that took six months to recover from.
I'm the only member of the House of Representatives who raised most of his campaign funds in the last election from small contributions of less than $200.
Says Wisconsin Supreme Court Justice David Prosser "has prejudged matters that are likely to come before the court."
Says he "did the very best" in a recent poll in Iowa matching up each of the major Republican presidential candidates against President Barack Obama.
There are billboards in Central America in the Northern Triangle countries advertising how to grab a kid to get into the United States illegally.
Ohio Director of Job Creation "Mark Kvamme just clawed back about $900,000 from companies that made promises and they didn't keep them."
Says the number of Democrats who voted for the GOP measure allowing health plan renewals is close to the number who voted on GOP bills to delay mandates on employers and individuals.
Says President Barack Obama got "a pass" over controversal remarks by Rev. Jeremiah Wright, while a 12-year-old speech by House Majority Whip Steve Scalise has blown up into a national story.
The big Wall Street banks, the big corporations give "many times more" political donations to Democrats than Republicans.
Barack Obama and the Democrats have "proposed a tax for not having health insurance."
Private prison systems are calculating how many new beds (they will need) based on the ... number of third graders.
Every 20 seconds, a child dies because they lack access to clean water and sanitation.
The name Frank has risen in popularity by 20 percent since the debut of 'House of Cards' on Netflix.
Arkansas Democratic congressional candidate Chad Causey "was a Washington, D.C. bureaucrat."
How do Jeb Bush and Donald Trump differ on immigration? Spoiler alert: They don't.
The Democrats' health care reform law is a "government takeover of health care."
The most recent survey of climate scientists said about 57 percent don't agree with the idea that 95 percent of the change in the climate is caused by CO2.
Says Donald Trump "wants to undo marriage equality."
Says Keanu Reeves gave a speech that began, "I cannot be part of a world where men dress their wives as prostitutes by showing everything that should be cherished ..."
[Hillary Clinton]'s not trusted -- virtually at all.
Gov. Romney was very clear, he would veto the DREAM Act.
mostly false
It took Obama six months to pick out a family dog, but he's "cramming health care reform down the country's throat in a fraction of that time."
I left the city with $43 million in the bank.
President Donald Trump even referred to one of (Kevin) Cramer's health care repeal bills as 'mean' because the bill gutted protections for North Dakotans with preexisting conditions.
The nearly six-year delay in approving Keystone is costing Americans more than 100,000 jobs.
Says there was a "NATO base in Turkey being under attack by terrorists."
Democrat Stephen Webber "voted to allow sex offenders to be within 500 feet of childcare centers and playgrounds, and even voted to allow sex offenders to be coaches."
mostly false
The Central Falls fire department is "one of the lowest, if not the lowest, paid fire departments in the state and entire region."
I'll be running against a career politician.
I delivered to you a budget that ... cuts taxes by $2 billion.
Jeff Flake's office leaks names of those charged in Mueller's Russian probe.
The right-to-work states have much lower level of unemployment than the union states do.
Twenty-five percent of people in the country have said they changed their email and phone habits because of the collection of data allowed by the Patriot Act.
Medicaid expansion isn't necessarily a very popular issue on the street.
Joe Straus is the "first Jewish speaker of the" Texas House.
State government spending is at an all-time high. The state is on track to spend more in this fiscal year — more than $17.9 billion — than at any time in state history.
Back when Ted Cruz called Mitch McConnell a liar on the floor of the Senate floor, nobody invoked Rule 19 to censor him.
Only "four countries in the world… allow abortions after 20 weeks" of pregnancy.
Graduation rates of players at major football colleges "are still twenty points below their male campus peers and worsened in the past three years."
Homicides last year increased by 17 percent in America's 50 largest cities. That's the largest increase in 25 years.
We have constitutional amendment that says that there's a ban on drilling right off Florida's coast.
Barack Obama: I'm 'the First Sitting American President to Come From Kenya.'
Hillary Clinton said, "with a straight face, that the terrorist attacks this weekend were caused by Donald J. Trump"
As an undocumented immigrant, you do have constitutional rights here in the United States.
The Republican tax bill is "not being scored by the Congressional Budget Office, as it is traditionally."
Pipe bomber suspect pictured last year with Izzy Hernandez. ... a Democrat Donor/Supporter.
A typical married couple "will contribute $119,000" into Medicare but will "receive $357,000 in Medicare benefits over their lifetimes."
Education Week says Obama 'hasn't made a significant mark on education,' is 'elusive' on accountability, and a 'staunch defender of the existing public school monopoly.'
The policy mistakes that ... the Clintons made got us, in large degree, to the situation that we are in today with mass incarceration.
The first Congress passed a law mandating that every able-bodied man must own a musket.
Sarah Eckhardt "refused to take her own pay increases repeatedly."
It's taken more time to complete the Towpath Trail than it did to build the (Ohio & Erie) Canal.
In Austin, I've got half-a-dozen or more schools on a list to be closed — one of which I presented a federal blue-ribbon award to for excellence. And several hundred school personnel on the list for possible terminations.
Household income in America has gone down for families an average of $4,000 in the last four years while it " went up $5,000" under Mitt Romney when he was governor of Massachusetts
Hillary Clinton believed NAFTA was a 'boon' to our economy.
Refinanced $232.6 million in bonds, resulting in reduced debt service for the City.
Says "billionaire George Soros bankrolls" Minnesota Democrat Dan Feehan, who is "employed by a Soros-funded liberal outfit in D.C." and his campaign is "propped up by out of state super PACs backed by Soros' millions."
Recent reports state that the U.S. Customs and Border Protection has apprehended several members of known Islamist terrorist organizations crossing the southern border in recent years.
President Obama "doesn't ... want to admit we're at war."
Crist stays in $2,000 a night luxury hotel suites where he racks up $1,300 in mini-bar charges, and doesn't pay for a dime of it himself.
I never supported a state income tax for Texas.
President Obama came to Ohio 12 times to try to defeat me and guess what? He didn't win.
On expanding Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act.
The U.S. Supreme Court is "five guys who start determining what contraceptions are legal."
Only fools, or worse, are saying that our money losing Post Office makes money with Amazon. THEY LOSE A FORTUNE, and this will be changed.
Now in half the homes in California, people speak a language other than English in their own homes.
Says the federal government is supporting a study in Hawaii to "develop a menu for when we colonize Mars."
My campaign alone has created more jobs in the state of Rhode Island than Narragansett Beer.
6.4 million more Americans living in poverty under President Obama.
On the economic crisis, "the biggest problem in this whole process was the deregulation of the financial system."
The United States "won every major battle" of the Vietnam War. "Every single one."
Scott Walker has given a $10,000 tax deduction to millionaires who send their kids to exclusive private schools.
Sixteen million jobs were created under Ronald Reagan's presidency.
Sen. Hutchison abandoned Republicans and stood with Democrats to ensure health care legislation would pass quickly.
Trump wins the award Obama never could.
The financial regulatory bill "will kill jobs."
We don't give bonuses in the state of Missouri on any level of government.
Why is January 8th an important date in American history? This day in 1835 is the only day in our history when we have not been in debt.
Missouri is actually the only state that has been forced to borrow money from the federal government to pay for unemployment benefits during each of the last five economic downturns.
Before the terrorist attacks in Benghazi, "the State Department not only failed to honor repeated requests for additional security, but instead actually reduced security in Libya."
Fox admits they lie and, under the First Amendment, "have the right to lie or deliberately distort news reports on public airwaves."
Demand for public transportation is reaching record levels in Wisconsin.
We're not allowed to read it (the Trans-Pacific Partnership) before representatives vote on it.
Florida election officials' requests to some residents to submit proof of citizenship is a "backdoor poll tax."
Sen. Sherrod Brown "has chosen to side with Washington bureaucrats and fringe extremists in the attacks on our natural resources."
Last year, American oil production reached its highest level since 2003.
Says out-of-state abortion clinics "have marketed their services to minors" in states with parental consent laws.
Obama has jumped the shark and ordered the ocean closed!
Palin (proposed) a $150 bounty for the severed foreleg of each killed wolf.
In April 2009 "the Democrats were in control, and the congressional (approval) rating was 40 percent."
We've lost 70,000 factories since China joined the World Trade Organization.
Foxconn is bringing 13,000 high-tech jobs to Wisconsin.
State Rep. Kathleen Peters has a 100 percent pro-abortion voting record – even voting against a ban on sex-selection abortions.
The Obama administration "supported Muslim allies trying to establish a new international blasphemy standard."
92 percent of President Barack Obama's administration has "never worked outside government."
Says Mitt Romney "backed a bill that outlaws all abortions, even in cases of rape and incest."
The House budget plan proposes "the largest discretionary spending cut in history."
Says Rep. Jon Runyan "voted to redefine rape."
Extending current tax rates would "average more than $100,000 a year to millionaires and even billionaires."
On an income cap for recipients of the popular HOPE scholarship
Fifty-seven of Rubio's 100 ideas "ultimately became law."
At this particular point in time, looking at the field, there's only one individual that's ever had the uniform of his country on—and that's me.
In Ohio, "each year an estimated 1,000 children become victims of human trafficking, and over 3,000 more are at risk."
Says his transportation plan "would make Virginia the first state in the nation to eliminate the state tax on gasoline."
Says 24 million people in this country "can't find a full-time job," 50 million "can't see a doctor when they're sick," 47 million people need government help to feed themselves and 15 million families owe more than the value of their home.
Medicare and Medicaid are the single biggest drivers of the federal deficit and the federal debt by a huge margin.
North Carolina's teacher income is rising faster than any other state.
Our median income here in Providence is the same as the median income in Mississippi.
Gun homicide is down 49 percent in the past 12 years.
A year ago, in March 2007, I called for immediate action to address abuses in the subprime market, and I laid out detailed concrete proposals for how to do so.
Autopsy results from Vince Foster's exhumed body — Cause of death to be changed!
There's a tax credit of $2,400 to bond [former inmates] that an employer would get for hiring a convicted felon. There's a federal bonding program -- you can get $5,000 to $25,000 in federal money to hire a convicted felon. And there's federal grants for felons to set up their own small businesses.
The stimulus bill contains "$20 million for the removal of small to medium-sized fish passage barriers" and "$25 million to rehabilitate off-roading trails for ATVs."
Says that in three legislative sessions, his proposals opening pre-kindergarten to all Texas 4-year-olds never got heard or voted out of committee.
In California, "they're rioting now" over sanctuary cities.
It's a longstanding policy of the Department of Justice not to comment on conversations that the attorney general has had with the president of the United States.
Says Ron Wyden spent $2 million "to study exotic ants."
In Afghanistan, "it is very, very rare that someone who is killed in action is not killed by an" improvised explosive device, or IED.
No, I did not (have illegal immigrants working at his mansion).
In seven years that (nuclear) deal will have expired, and Iran is free to go ahead and create nuclear weapons.
The Islamic State is so small it "couldn't fill a Double A ballpark in Charleston, W. Va."
Wall Street comes out en masse with its money against House Democrats every election.
Not one American flag on the massive stage at the Democratic National Convention until people started complaining- then a small one. Pathetic.
Charlie Crist "attacks me for positions he held, like, six months ago, (when) he was running in the Republican primary."
As Florida secretary of state, Kurt Browning "allowed 1,800 illegal voters to register in Florida."
Gov. Charlie Crist "sought for and got approved the automatic restoration of felon rights for nonviolent offenders for the first time in Florida history."
Democrats are kind of falling over each other seeing who can raise taxes faster. It looks like they're going to raise taxes anywhere between 20 to 30 percent.
If public employees don't pay more for benefits starting April 1, 2011, "the equivalent" is 1,500 state employee layoffs by June 30, 2011 and 10,000 to 12,000 state and local government employee layoffs in the next two years.
On letting Occupy Atlanta protesters stay in Woodruff Park.
More than ever our nation and the traveling public rely on Amtrak for mobility.
Democrats just elected (include)… a man who preys on underage prostitutes … and an anti-semitic racist who beats women.
If you're a single mom, and you've two kids in the city of Richmond, you can almost make $50,000 a year on the public dole.
Passage of Clinton budget bill in 1993 "led to an enormous flowering of the economy in America."
It is ironic that (First Energy Corp. is) going to have a name on our (football stadium) where we (Cleveland Public Power) supply the electricity.
We ... sold the state airplanes as I had promised.
We have cut crime across every single zone in the city of Atlanta by between 10 percent and 16 percent, depending on the zone.
half true
Gina Raimondo "paid 70 million in taxpayer dollars to millionaire hedge fund managers."
Aaron Bean voted to give illegal immigrants in-state tuition.
A bipartisan background check amendment "outlawed any (gun) registry. Plain and simple, right there in the text."
On the day that (the Republican) state leader resigned in disgrace, a ‘Shred-It' truck rolled up to Republican headquarters.
Says Benito Mussolini "initiated a campaign to 'drenare la palude' ('drain the swamp') by firing more than 35,000 civil servants."
Our economy actually shrank during the last three months of 2012.
Says "Bruce Starr voted to throw 6,000 Oregonians off unemployment."
Hillary Clinton "has already said she's going to wipe out the Second Amendment. She doesn't believe in the First Amendment. And, she also believes in big government, which flies in the face of the 10th Amendment"
Due to Obamacare, Arkansas "has covered almost 14 percent of its uninsured already."
I started with a $3.7 billion budget deficit. Now we are projecting a $1.2 billion surplus.
I'm beating (Kelly Ayotte) in the polls by a lot.
Medicare is "going broke. The trust fund goes bankrupt in 2026."
Canada "does spills into their water to practice in the event that this would happen. That is not allowed in the United States."
Says former FBI Director James Comey admitted to leaking classified information.
Large parts of Florida have experienced "years of below average rainfall."
Neighborhoods have become more violent under President Barack Obama's "watch."
(M)ore Georgians have jobs than at any other time since October 2008.
For Social Security, which is projected to remain solvent through 2033, Whitehouse has cosponsored [a bill that] . . . would extend the life of the program by an additional 75 years.
Says Alex Sink supported "a $5.2 billion increase in Florida's debt."
Social Security has never contributed one cent to the deficit. Not one cent.
Rhode Island has the highest percentage of lawyers per capita in the country.
Says Scott Bruun supports "cutting the Department of Commerce and eliminating NOAA."
Says Hillary Clinton "wants to bring in thousands of refugees to America from all around the world without any kind of security screening."
Every president since Eisenhower has taken executive action to address immigration issues.
Watch those GDP numbers. We started off at a very low number, and right now we hit a 3.2 (percent). Nobody thought that was possible.
We passed the toughest gun control law in the United States of America, the SAFE Act.
Some cardiologists estimate "70 percent of all males over 50 have some form of heart disease."
In Massachusetts, Scott Brown's Republican affiliation is "not a secret, but clearly not on display."
Says Hillary Clinton "presided over $6 billion lost at the State Department, sold uranium to the Russians through (her) faux charity, illegally deleted public records, and murdered an ambassador."
The health care price tag for childhood obesity in Georgia is $2.4 billion annually and rising.
Nobody applies to the United States for refugee status. They apply to the United Nations.
Says Wisconsin state Sen. Randy Hopper, R-Fond du Lac, has already been recalled.
Says Cory Booker "supports late-term and partial-birth abortion and opposes safety regulations."
The Senate Republican education plan is an unfunded mandate for local school districts.
Says Howard Zinn, "an anti-American Marxist," wrote "the most popular textbook that's taught in our high schools in America."
Says opponent Bill Flores helped run a company that laid off over 3,000 workers and paid off executives with millions.
Says Beto O'Rourke is "open to abolishing ICE."
There are fewer people crossing (the southwest) border than in the last 30 years.
We've seen funding increases for schools. We haven't seen a corresponding performance increase.
Charlottesville car attacker is anti-Trump Antifa supporter.
Since President Obama took office, "2 million jobs. Gone."
Says he's a "small-town supervisor who has kept a balanced budget, who has increased surpluses, who has led us to the highest credit rating our town has ever had."
In our debate, Dan McCready doubled down on his support for Pelosi's liberal agenda of … impeaching our president.
For every dollar we invest in Head Start, we get $5 to $7 back into our economy.
Says in U.S. Congress, members "don't even have to be on the floor for debates or votes."
We now sell more products made in America to the rest of the world than ever before.
I won the South Carolina primary in 2004, and I was way behind in the polls at this stage in 2004.
The Senate bill "hands enormous tax cuts to the rich and to the drug and insurance industries, paid for by cutting health care for everybody else."
On the day the House voted on the climate change bill, "there was not even a copy of the bill in the well of the House, which is standard. It wasn't even written."
When I talk about (raising the) minimum wage ... half of Republicans agree with it.
Higher beer production and higher consumption go hand-in-hand.
If Cory Gardner gets his way, you'd better stock up on condoms.
Wisconsin state and local government workers pay "$500, $600 or in some cases, $1,000" per year in union dues.
Paul Ryan's Medicare plan "could raise future retirees' costs more than $6,000."
Breaking: Mike Huckabee just fired!
Says Donald Trump's abortion rule "puts at risk 15 times more funding and millions more women and families ... than previous similar policies by Republican presidents."
Says Oregon's political tax credit is something "every state should have and no other state does."
Broward County was one of three counties in the nation "pivotal to an Obama victory" in 2012.
Says Donald Trump made a lot of money from outsourcing jobs thanks to NAFTA "but never, ever raised his voice against it when Congress was considering it."
The projected $1.8 billion state budget shortfall for 2015-'17 "actually comes from an assumption based on zero growth. That just doesn't happen."
Says Texas will be "majority Hispanic in six years."
Huckabee supported "a tuition break to the children of illegals that are here illegally when citizens are having to pay a higher rate."
In New England, Rhode Island has the second highest number of police officers being assaulted.
Clint Eastwood Leaves His Estate To The Trump 2020 Campaign
In 1913, it was legal to mail children.
After 9/11, Jim put us all first by serving for 23 months in Iraq, the war's longest tour.
Rhode Island is "at the top of the country for alcohol-related fatalities."
The cost for renovating the headquarters of the U.N. has doubled from the original estimate.
California's Prop 55 "prevents $4 billion in new cuts to our schools."
For decades, the state's gas tax has been among the highest in the nation.
The California governor "says yes to poisoning more children with mercury and aluminum" in vaccines.
The IAEA, or the International Atomic Energy Agency, "last month said the Iranians are not currently living up to their obligations."
Says Mark Pryor "votes with Obama 93 percent of the time."
Says a photo shows Brett Kavanaugh passed out.
Under the Baucus bill ... federal funds would subsidize coverage of elective abortions.
If the General Assembly does not address the state's structural deficit, "more than 23,000 education professionals will be immediately yanked out of Pennsylvania schools."
Says "67 percent of marriages now wind up in divorce."
Today, there are more Hoosiers going to work than ever before in the 200-year history of the great state of Indiana.
Says Donald Trump "proposes tax cuts, too -- $3 trillion for millionaires like himself and $2 trillion for corporations like his."
The "left" is blatantly attempting to disrupt Georgia's elections.
Says he made "a record investment in schools."
Say a "left wing extremist, chases down, rams car over Trump bumper sticker."
Says 642,000 crimes were committed against Texans by criminal immigrants in a recent seven-year period.
Due to "over-incarceration … in 1950, two out of three young black men were in the workforce. Today, it's one out of three black men are in the workforce."
Says "for the duration of this recession not a single person in government middle management has lost (a) job or taken a pay cut."
We have never gone a year in Virginia -- ever -- without passing a budget -- ever.
Bill McCollum "cost the rest of us billions" as a member of Congress, including a national debt that "skyrocketed" to $4.7 trillion.
Expanding Medicaid would require borrowing more money, drastically expanding our deficit.
The Medicare proposal by Rep. Paul Ryan, R-Wis., would "allow insurance companies to deny you coverage and drop you for pre-existing conditions."
Says for every dollar the state spent on audits last year, it delivered $64 in cost savings.
Denzel Washington: With Trump we avoided war with Russia and Orwellian Police State
If you look at the results of Obamacare, what you see is emergency room visits are up over 50 percent.
Human trafficking is the third-biggest criminal enterprise in the world.
The average Atlanta resident "spends an extra $924 each year in additional gasoline and wasted time."
We're 48th in K-12 funding and 50th in higher education.
Politician Reid Ribble wants to phase out Social Security, forcing Wisconsin seniors to fend for themselves.
Alabama's Crimson Tide will be the underdog in Saturday's game against the Georgia Bulldogs, the first time in 72 consecutive games that Alabama has not been favored by oddsmakers to win.
I've always said it's (offshore drilling) up to the states and I still say that.
After my first year as governor, I was one of the most unpopular governors, maybe the most unpopular governor in the country. ... It changed.
Says "New Jersey's unemployment is significantly lower than it was when I got here. And we've created 50,000 new private sector jobs in the last 20 months after having lost 117,000 in the year before I got here."
A YouGov.com poll shows 71 percent of Obama voters regret voting for him.
The Democrats' health care bills would provide "free health care for illegal immigrants."
Says Tammy Baldwin supports a law "in which government will take over your decisions on medicine, on doctors and on hospitals."
Says Michael Cargill was "arrested and incarcerated in Bell County."
Texas' population is projected to double in the next 50 years or so, but our basic amount of water will remain about where it is now.
California has "the highest poverty rate in the nation" when considering the U.S. Census Bureau's Supplemental Poverty Measure.
With her solution, terrorists can still today — and by the way ISIS knows it, they have been advertising it — buy guns online and at gun shows in the United States of America.
Under my predecessor, they cut funding for education, but they didn't give them anything in return to make up for that, leading to "less money" for school districts
Water rates in Manila, Philippines, "were raised up to 845 percent" when a subsidiary of the World Bank became a partial owner.
The national unemployment rate has been above 8 percent for a record 36 months.
Obamacare doesn't require members of Congress "to abide by the same rules that all of the other Americans do."
Says President Donald "Trump orders 13 Obama deep state operatives arrested for treason."
The IRS doesn't have to prove something against you ... you've got the burden of proof.
It is true that we know that ISIS is present in Ciudad Juarez (Mexico)
An amazing 5,400 jobs were lost in the first 12 months of the (smoking) ban's implementation in Ohio's hospitality industry alone.
Gov. Rick Perry "spent over a million dollars on D.C. lobbyists asking for more federal money and lives in a luxury house that costs taxpayers $10,000 a month."
Trump: police officers and firefighters make too much money…hits them with tax penalty.
Says Patrick "Murphy embellished, according to reports, his University of Miami academic achievement."
Actually, on some procedures, you're more likely to die if you're on Medicaid than if you're uninsured.
After taking hundreds of thousands of dollars from Goldman Sachs and other Wall Street banks, (Debbie Wasserman Schultz) has voted to prevent the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau from regulating payday loans and addressing racial discrimination in car loans.
Let's say (Republicans) take away half of our delegates. They're worth more than Iowa's, New Hampshire's and almost South Carolina's combined.
Says library district would come "at no direct cost to the city budget."
Bruce Starr was the only senator to vote for stronger ethics laws and greater accountability.
On the use of presidentially appointed commissions.
The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court "is transparent."
The FBI has reopened its investigation into Hillary Clinton ... and discovered another 650,000 emails.
The U.S. "had the opportunity with Israel coming and talking to us about improving our security screening procedures, and we turned them down."
Emory University students were provided counseling after someone wrote "Trump 2016" in chalk on campus.
Between 40 and 50 percent of tax filers do not owe any income tax.
Al Franken said almost exactly what Trump said about John McCain's military record.
On abortion
The Wisconsin Legislature raised taxes more than $5 billion in 2009.
Black Panthers Just Took Over City (Atlanta) – All Out War On Election Day
Rubio's tax swap proposal "would have been a massive tax increase."
BREAKING: 60 people just found dead in Ohio
The average time someone used to hold a share of stock back in the '60s was eight years. Now, the average time is four months.
Seniors and the disabled "will have to stand in front of Obama's 'death panel' so his bureaucrats can decide, based on a subjective judgment of their 'level of productivity in society,' whether they are worthy of health care."
In fighting collective bargaining changes, Democrats are trying to "protect a system that pays unionized government workers 42 percent more than non-union workers."
Says every day of a special session costs taxpayers $40,000.
Employees in "workplace freedom" states make more money
New England already has access to ample supplies of natural gas.
Ninety percent of the people in Arkansas still love Bill Clinton.
Virginia police arrest wrong person to cover for Antifa member who ran over protesters.
For the first time in the modern political era, we have confirmed a new justice in the first 100 days.
Half of all immigrant households receive benefits from our social welfare system.
There is no record of congresswoman Betty Sutton ... ever holding a single in-person town hall meeting open to the general public.
Says "people who come to" their dissent actions "get a ‘cease and desist' letter" from Ron Johnson's office.
Florida has the most concealed weapon permits in the nation, "nearly double that of the second state, which is Texas."
Says Julie Parrish is "one of Sarah Palin's mama grizzlies."
Mental health provisions related to mass shootings "got over 90 votes in the Senate."
Photo shows severe flooding at a Houston airport.
Senator McCain has been talking tough about earmarks, and that's good, but earmarks account for about $18-billion of our budget.
Says Hillary Clinton's energy agenda "will cost the U.S. economy over $5 trillion"
The cost-sharing reductions (were) a gift (that) they gave the insurance companies.
Says President Barack Obama advocated "fathers in the home" as the solution to gun violence.
Says Obama opposes innovation, the electric car and "clean, safe, nuclear energy."
A gas tax holiday is a gimmick that "every economist says will just go into the pockets of the oil companies."
Social Security was advocated … in the 1930s as a way of getting people to quit working, because they thought we were confined to a permanent scarcity of jobs in this country.
Mike Trainor...still owes $250,000 to the state.
Oil companies showered regulators (at the Minerals Management Service) with gifts and favors, and were essentially allowed to conduct their own safety inspections and write their own regulations.
Every Florida teacher gets a pay raise.
If it is enacted, the Senate immigration bill is "going to make the Border Patrol bigger than the FBI -- you could put one agent every 250 feet."
For NATO exercises, "we don't have enough of our own hardware and equipment even for training purposes. So the Brits are spotting us choppers."
Says the Republican “state convention is actually larger than the Republican National Convention.”
For perspective, Special Session costs you $50k, every single day. That's roughly the average teacher's salary in NC.
Raising the minimum wage to $10.10 an hour "will destroy between half a million and one million jobs."
Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand "no longer supports the fight to combat the international delegitimization of Israel."
President Obama and liberal former DNC Chairman Tim Kaine's $787 billion stimulus failed to create jobs.
If Rhode Island raises the meal and beverage tax to 10 percent, it would be the "fourth-highest in the nation."
Says Pete Gallego "went and lobbied after you fired him from Congress."
The No. 1 cause of death for African-American males 15-34 is murder.
Nearly half of Hispanic voters in Arizona's last election supported four measures that were "very tough on illegal immigration."
“We're making more than ever off oil and gas right now, but it's no secret that oil production in Texas peaked in the 1970s.”
The reality is, with a $2 trillion-a-year health care budget, we're spending more on health care, nearly 17 percent of our gross domestic product, versus 3.8 percent of GDP on the entire military budget.
Michele Bachmann's legislative record is "offering failed amendments."
As a sign of "extraordinary progress," "there are half as many (primary-age) children out of school today as there were 15 years ago."
The U.S. is spending "one out of every six Defense Department dollars on Afghanistan."
As speaker, Gingrich even supported taxpayer funding of some abortions.
The Senate seat won in a special election by a Democrat had been "held for more than thirty years by Republicans."
Barack Hussein Obama will ... force Christian schools to hire non-Christian teachers.
Says the national heath care reform is "a government takeover of health care."
Beginning on Jan. 1, prostitution by minors will be legal in California.
In Georgia, "25 percent of rural residents" are "without access to high speed internet."
NASA will pay you $100,000 to stay in bed for 60 days!
Says marijuana use among Colorado high school students "has not increased since legalization."
Tax increases under Michigan Gov. Jennifer Granholm led to state unemployment going from 6.8 percent to 15.3 percent.
The next state budget will begin with a surplus of over half a billion dollars -- $535 million to be exact.
Obama's approval numbers 'are in the low 40s.'
Says unemployment in Trenton is "twice as much as what we see in every other area of the state" and, as a result, "we have seen an increase in crime."
On Syria, "a lot of the allies signed on. At the last minute, Obama backed off."
Says the 3C Corridor train would have taken "an hour and 15 minutes longer" to carry passengers across Ohio "than it would have taken on a New York Central train in 1935."
The Ohio Democratic Party has raised $1.1 million since the November election. A very small percentage of that has come from organized labor.
Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker's estimate of a $3.6 billion state budget deficit is "manufactured" and a "bogus figure."
A private company building a natural gas pipeline into Florida "is being forced to spend months under the review of six federal agencies."
The cost of "college education has gone up 1,200 percent since 1978."
Says U.S. Senate rival Tommy Thompson ran Medicare "into the ground" and "nine years closer to bankruptcy."
It is "the Department of Homeland Security's view that returning military veterans and gun owners are likely to commit terrorist acts."
Says Rick Scott changed his promise from 700,000 jobs created "on top of what normal growth would be" to just 700,000 jobs.
Says 25 percent of U.S. Muslims "agreed that violence against Americans here in the United States is justified as a part of the global jihad."
Says that 98,184 Texans are now driving with temporary driver's licenses lacking their photos.
I am the only one onstage who has never voted to raise your taxes. These two, each, a billion dollars worth of votes to raise your taxes.
Unfortunately we have documented instances where people defecated in the (Statehouse) building.
Texas has "the lowest crime rate in this state since 1968" because of changes in law regarding nonviolent drug offenders.
Says she heard more than 2,400 cases as a Wisconsin appeals court judge
Says Mitch McConnell pushed "the Wall Street bailout through the U.S. Senate" and called it "the Senate at its finest."
Under the Iran nuclear deal, "we give them $150 billion, we get nothing."
We're still doing dumb things like telling the parent of an 11-year-old that it's against the law for them to tell their parents what they were tested on ... That will end when I'm governor.
A study showed that President Barack Obama's health-care reforms will "devastate Wisconsin" by pushing people off employer-sponsored insurance, driving up premiums, increasing dependency and making 122,000 people ineligible for Medicaid.
Most polls show foreign nations have lower regard for the U.S. now than they did before Obama's time.
If an Iranian woman shows too much hair in public, she risks being beaten or killed.
Actually, Reagan was a Democrat before he was a Republican.
The health care law includes tort reform.
The governor switched his position once again on offshore oil drilling.
An overwhelming majority of Americans support passage of the DREAM Act, which would provide a path to citizenship for undocumented youth willing to work for a college degree or serve in our armed forces.
Youth unemployment is through the roof.
Says Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius told insurance companies "they couldn't inform their policyholders of what they thought the impact of Obamacare would be on them."
If you're a … wealthy CEO or a … hedge fund manager in America right now, your taxes are … lower than they've been since the 1950s.
Georgia has elected more African-American leaders than any other state in the country.
Who would sign up to speak for a (Haitian) dictator? Rob Portman.
At "least a quarter of those apprehended" at the border "have criminal records."
More than half of the people on food stamps today are children.
At protests in Wisconsin against proposed collective bargaining changes, "phony sick notes (were) passed out to excuse striking union members."
Florida Moves For FULL RECOUNT Of State Over Massive Voter Fraud
Today, American companies have nearly $2 trillion sitting on their balance sheets.
There has never been a death caused by a [commercial nuclear] reactor in the United States, even when Three Mile Island failed in the 1970s.
Hillary stood up for universal health care when almost no one else would, and kept standing till 6-million kids had coverage.
The Super Bowl has "one of the highest levels of human sex trafficking activity of any event in the country."
You can't raise taxes in Ohio. We are one of the highest taxed states in the country.
Under Republican Governor Chris Christie, tolls cost more. Train and bus rides cost more. College tuition goes up. But Christie protected a tax cut for millionaires.
Minnesota has passed and Indiana has passed right to work laws making union membership and dues optional
I sponsored and was the co-sponsor of the only legislation that ever passed that had E-Verify provisions in it back in 2010 when I served in the Legislature.
Thirty-four percent of Hispanics don't have any health care at all, don't have any health insurance.
Today, if you were raised poor, you're just as likely to stay poor as you were 50 years ago.
Today, Florida is in 50th place in spending on education.
Rob Cornilles supports privatizing Medicare.
Says Texas has "had over 600,000 crimes committed by illegals since 2011. Over 1,200 homicides."
In Florida, for eight years we cut taxes every year, totaling $19 billion.
President Obama is attacking Paul Ryan on Medicare even though it is his administration with the help of Jim Langevin who cut $716 billion from Medicare.
When the New Hampshire Legislature raised the gasoline tax, gas prices in the state were "skyrocketing."
There have been literally hundreds of new tax preferences and loopholes added to the code since 1986, last time we did this.
Everywhere that we have more citizens carrying guns, crime is less. There's a study showing that where states have open carry or concealed carry, but particularly open carry, the crime is down 25 percent.
Says "Russ Feingold cut Medicare by $523 billion."
Says Chris Christie fired 6,000 teachers.
The annual gross domestic product of metro Atlanta is "bigger than 28 states in the union."
I voted to fund President Trump's wall.
Says Ohio U.S. Rep. Troy Balderson backs a "massive tax giveaway" for corporations "by slashing Medicare and Social Security."
Says JoAnne Kloppenburg "has told us she thinks it's her job to promote a more equal society."
Texas is "the state that has now gone the longest without electing a Democrat statewide."
On rescinding Obama-era marijuana enforcement guidelines.
Ché Guevara "wrote extensively about the superiority of white Europeans over people of African descent."
According to The Book of Revelations the anti-christ ... will be a man, in his 40s, of MUSLIM descent ... is it OBAMA??
Wisconsin's state budget is almost twice as large per person as the state budget of Texas, and even after billions in tax cuts, Wisconsin's working families and businesses remain subject to a heavy tax burden.
Says state's expected "increase in federal political clout is almost entirely due to the growth of the African American and Hispanic populations in Texas in virtually every region of the state.”
Jules Bailey "was instrumental in creating the Business Energy Tax Credit that let companies like Wal-Mart profit by $11 million while costing the Oregon general fund $33 million."
New law (in California) makes it illegal to shower and do laundry on same day
The highest paid employee of the State of Rhode Island is a basketball coach.
For more than 80 years, there has not been a nomination and confirmation of a Supreme Court Justice in a presidential election year. This is simply not the time to break with decades of bipartisan practice.
The federal government "reviewed and verified" his administration's numbers showing Wisconsin added 23,608 jobs in 2011.
On the economic stimulus.
When (Barack Obama) took office, 2.3 million people were out of work. Five-plus years later, we have 5 million-plus out of work.
Says President Barack Obama has opened up no new trade relationships with other nations.
On whether he wants to be vice president.
Tell me what Madeleine Albright's position was on the War on Iraq. I wouldn't be surprised if she supported it.
Says PolitiFact has ruled that Ed Gillespie's ads are false and misleading.
Across the board, violent crime in jurisdictions that recognize the Right to Carry is lower than in areas that prevent it.
The science is clear, under President Trump greenhouse gas emissions are down.
Rep. Robert Hurt voted again today to end Medicare and raise health care costs for Virginia seniors.
Roy Moore's accuser arrested and charged with falsification.
The Alternative Minimum Tax was never intended to hit people in middle income, upper middle income. It was meant for people who are rich and evading taxes.
Since the federal Violence Against Women Act was adopted in 1994, "cases of domestic violence have fallen by 67 percent."
Says Nevadans will have a "double-digit hike in their Obamacare premiums for the year" and "10 of Nevada's 16 counties will only have one Obamacare...exchange insurer"
All but one of the 50 states already have some form of a balanced budget amendment in their state constitutions.
The Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act is the largest-ever investment in higher education.
Harvard Study Finds States With Most Gun Laws Have Fewest Gun Deaths.
There's only four senators senior to me ... there's still 44 older than me.
Says if you try to hide marijuana in a hemp field, "it becomes worthless. The THC goes away."
Says "we brought crime rate down by 30 percent" when he was mayor of Dallas.
Says "over 40 Republican leaders denounced" Steve Watkins' campaign
Every taxpayer, their taxes are going down, except rich people in Manhattan and San Francisco. Some of them, their taxes may go up.
The average kid comes out of Virginia colleges with about $25,000-plus in debt.
Says he worked with the Democratic legislature to balance spending with revenues so that "at the end of my four-year term, the rainy day fund was established at more than $2 billion."
Social Security took seven years before anybody got the first check.
Tim Kaine "made Virginia the best state for business four years in a row."
Mark Harris has said he would abolish the Department of Education.
Says a photo ID voting law in Georgia didn't dissuade black voters from participating in voting. "It hasn't, it doesn't, and apparently, if you do cause and effect in that state, it's been helpful."
Donald Trump Protester Speaks Out: 'I Was Paid $3,500 To Protest Trump's Rally.' 
Says "One-third of our healthcare dollars go to wasteful insurance billing and bureaucracy."
Child care costs "in some states now exceed the average price tag for college tuition."
Every dollar of foreign aid for agricultural research "will bring $4 in trade with the countries and the United States ... generating employment back in the U.S."
This week the House of Representatives voted to remove the word ‘lunatic' from federal law.
Says Hillary Clinton's plan "would tax many small businesses by almost 50 percent."
Three years after getting the $100 million (from Mark Zuckerberg), less than two-thirds of students in Cory Booker's Newark graduate.
We have 33,000 people a year who die from guns.
On whether the Iraq War was a mistake.
Says Chuck Hagel "opposed sanctions against Iran."
It has been 269 days since (Hillary) Clinton has held a press conference.
Her opponent: zero times a judge, zero rulings, zero experience on the bench.
When Obama was interviewed by American reporters in Asia, "Not one of them asked me about Asia. Not one of them asked me about the economy."
The average student loan debt in Texas is over $22,000...the cost of an average size pickup truck. But unlike car owners, "students are not allowed to refinance their loans at lower rates."
Slim Jims "just recently" cost 99 cents but now cost $2.69.
Overall we currently have $981 million, almost a billion dollars in active development projects right here in the City of Richmond.
Sherrod Brown "voted six times to raise his own pay."
All Citizens Who Want to Receive Gvt Benefits Must Agree to Be Microchipped in the Near Future
In the wake of hurricanes Katrina and Rita, offshore drilling "did not cause any real difficulties."
Says "new mandates are already reducing full-time employment."
Says Lincoln Chafee "settled a union strike by giving the teachers a 19-percent-raise."
Says his administration has made "progress" on border enforcement by "putting more boots on the southern border than at any time in our history and reducing illegal crossings to their lowest levels in 40 years."
Says a Republican U.S. House member from Texas, Rob McCaskill, tweeted that he "can't wait for the next 9/11."
Millennials are "more pro-life than baby boomers and older Americans."
In the history of the United States, 168 presidential nominees have been filibustered, 82 blocked under President Obama, 86 blocked under all the other presidents.
Of the 13 (Bill) Clinton speeches that fetched $500,000 or more, only two occurred during the years his wife was not secretary of state.
Says that under Scott Walker, on a percentage basis, Wisconsin is "spending twice as much on debt service for just basic road repair and maintenance" than before he took office.
Bill Clinton passed a law in 1996 that separated children from adults illegally entering America.
There are only four countries in the world that ... legalize abortion after five months -- China, North Korea, Canada and the U.S.
Says Rick Perry said there's an administrator for every teacher in Texas public schools.
Warren Buffett called credit default swaps financial weapons of mass destruction. And Greene was the first individual to use them.
Over 22,000 unique Internet Protocol addresses -- in Wisconsin alone -- have downloaded child pornography.
Guess what, governor? There's no fried butter in Newark. Just 13 percent unemployment.
President Obama "funneled" $716 billion out of Medicare "at the expense of the elderly."
Background checks have been unequivocally shown to reduce gun violence.
According to the most recent jobs report, "we've got more Americans leaving the workforce than we have finding jobs."
Senator Obama thinks we can achieve energy independence without more drilling and without more nuclear power.
Attorney General Eric Holder's own Justice Department precleared the voting changes in the 2011 law about early voting in Florida.
Estimates for adopting Obamacare's Medicaid expansion show it will cost Virginia taxpayers $902 million through 2022.
The [Georgia] General Assembly took away the Atlanta Board of Education's oversight of the superintendent.
Says President Obama's decision to not issue a permit for the Keystone XL pipeline meant "we were denied the ability immediately to reduce prices at the pump."
After filing a lawsuit in Rhode Island, we reached an agreement with state agencies that resulted in more voters being registered in the first full month after our lawsuit than in the entire previous two-year reporting period.
The fact is 90-percent of Down Syndrome children were aborted in this country.
When "the governor announced his ‘jobs budget,' 99 folks from the Department of Taxation were let go the next day."
For the first time in U.S. history, a personal inaction will be deemed unlawful -- not purchasing a health-insurance plan
(T)he United States government and its Constitution says that people can be put to death.
I built that border fence in San Diego...and it reduced the smuggling of people and drugs...by 90 percent.
For decades before I was elected, governors tried and failed to get Minnesota out of the top 10 highest-taxed states in the country. I actually did it.
If I have affordable coverage in my workplace, I'm not eligible to go into the marketplace. ... It's illegal.
The KKK was formed by the Democratic Party.
Says Mitt Romney, as governor of Massachusetts, "put into place socialized medicine."
Under Barack Obama and the big government economy, the median wage for women has dropped $733.
Says "if we do nothing and continue to let Obamacare siphon off that $700 billion dollars off the top of it, Medicare goes away in less than 10 years -- certain accounts of it -- and it just falls apart at the seams."
If you have a family, the current minimum wage easily qualifies you for food stamps.
The last major oil spill from a drilling accident in America happened over 40 years ago in 1969.
More people are losing their insurance (due to Obamacare) than are becoming newly insured.
On offshore drilling.
Marijuana contains 50 to 70 percent more carcinogenic hydrocarbons than tobacco.
John McCain has changed position on invading Iraq.
Orange County "released" a sex offender instead of turning him over to immigration authorities - "like a sanctuary city."
When you add a dollar value to mandates, government took almost 50 percent "of the American people's money."
In West Virginia, "personal income tax collections (were) up 14% from 2017."
This governor has given us continual balanced budgets without raising taxes.
There are 3 million jobs available in America that are not filled because too many of our people don't have the skills for those jobs.
Milwaukee has "the highest incarceration rate among African-American men in the country."
Salaries of Austin residents who don't work for city government "have not been going up 3 percent a year for the last several years."
Says Hillary Clinton's "campaign hasn't been clear about when she wiped her server of her work emails."
Says after Hurricane Sandy, New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg "refused to allow the National Guard into the city to restore civil order because Guardsmen carry guns!"
The state of Georgia is near the bottom among states for SAT scores and graduation rates.
I turned "a $110 million deficit into a $1.6 million surplus for our city."
On in-state tuition for unauthorized immigrants.
Part of the increase in the cost (of higher education) has been because state support has dropped. We now spend, under Governor Walker, more on corrections than we do on higher education.
Social Security is a "Ponzi scheme."
Says Jake Tapper said Allahu Akbar was a "beautiful phrase" after a terrorist attack in New York.
In some cases, a sex offender "who appears on the New York State Sex Offender Registry" would be able to drive for Uber or Lyft when ride-hailing is allowed upstate in July
In the last few months alone, we have apprehended extremists within our borders who were sent here from the border region of Afghanistan and Pakistan to commit new acts of terror.
We spend less than 2 percent more every year. That is the lowest increase in spending since they have been keeping numbers.
Says Donald Trump's "Make America Great Again" caps are "made in China."
1 percent of candidates that (the National Rifle Association) endorsed in 2012 won.
Says rejecting federal aid to expand Medicaid in Texas will "send $9 billion in federal taxes paid by Texans to other states to insure their working poor."
true
Says that under Texas law, it takes six years to close a failing school.
We're trailing every other state in the Midwest in terms of job creation since January of 2011.
We have a legal immigration system in America that accepts 1 million people a year, legally. No other country in the world even comes close to that.
Says CNN's Wolf Blitzer was wrong to say that "the wealthiest Americans, they pay the most in taxes already -- 50 percent of Americans don't even pay any federal income tax."
Half of all personal bankruptcies in America "are caused by medical bills."
The Republican election platform "was actually written with the help of a former lobbyist for AIG and a former lobbyist for Exxon-Mobil."
Says that if Texas, California and New York all voted for Democratic presidential nominees, "it would be mathematically impossible for Republicans to elect a president."
On the Trans-Pacific Partnership.
Roughly one-fourth of rural Missourians are unable to purchase high-speed internet, which puts them at a disadvantage in everything from education to entertainment to health care.
The ocean is now "much more acidic . . . than it has been for many millions of years."
Says he's been Wisconsin secretary of state "around 25 years."
The federal government is spending $46,000 a year per family (or group of four) and could balance its budget by dropping that to $30,000.
I don't describe your plan as amnesty in my ad. I don't call it amnesty.
Of all the jobs President Obama claims to have created since he started, only 38.5 percent are women. So 61.5 percent have gone to men.
New Jersey's poverty rate has increased since this governor took office and the number of New Jerseyans without health insurance has risen.
Every bit of plastic that has ever been created still exists.
I'm 59. In either Canada or Great Britain, if I broke my hip, I couldn't get it replaced.
In 2011, (the Islamic State) attempted to attack Fort Knox.
Governor Rauner has called every year for eliminating funding for afterschool programs for at-risk youth, homeless prevention services and programs that help autistic children.
When we look at the number of murders in the United States (in) 2009, we had 9,500 people murdered. When we look around the world, we see ... large countries, the U.K., Germany, Japan had 200 or less killed in a year.
The United States currently has the highest corporate tax rate in the world.
On participating in a debate for Democratic gubernatorial candidates.
NASCAR endorsed Trump
Gov. Sarah Palin "got precisely zero support for her call for Alaska's Democratic Senator Mark Begich to resign because Ted Stevens' corruption conviction was overturned."
Phoenix is already one of the kidnapping capitals of the world.
Hillary Clinton "actually differed with (John McCain) by arguing for exceptions for torture before changing positions."
For every dollar (in the stimulus package) that is spent to help small businesses, $4 is being spent to help upkeep the grass on the lawns of Washington.
The Public Employee Retirement System is making more millionaires than the Oregon state lottery.
20 million people could lose their current coverage … "including our senior citizens who are on Medicare."
We were promised. The president said we would keep unemployment under 8.5 percent (if the stimulus passed).
Under the American Health Care Act "people with pre-existing conditions are protected."
Mass shootings went up 200 percent in the decade after the assault weapons ban expired.
4.7 million people have lost their insurance in 32 states due to Obamacare.
Claims Ohio Gov. John Kasich says climate change is a problem.
My judicial nominees have waited three times longer to receive confirmation votes than those of my Republican predecessor.
In the past four years, (the U.S. Senate) has only passed nine out of 48 appropriation bills.
I committed to public financing; (Obama) committed to public financing.
The only time over the last 25 years when the state's unemployment rate exceeded the U.S. average was when (Mary) Burke was commerce secretary.
Embryonic stem cell research is at a "dead end, with no one good example of a successful treatment."
Under this tax cut, middle-class families don't save enough for a week's worth of groceries, while millionaires save enough to go on an exotic vacation.
We're spending less money today, in upcoming fiscal year 2014 than the Corzine-Buono budget spent in fiscal year 2008.
I would imagine that there's probably a gun in the school (in Wapiti, Wyo.) to protect from potential grizzlies.
Texas this fiscal year will "have more money in reserve than the other 49 states combined."
Three of our cities are among the top five worst cities in the U.S. for asthma.
We have at least 200,000 to 300,000 hate crimes in a given year.
One-third of Floridians own guns. One-third.
Although Democrats represent only 10 of Florida's 25 districts, their districts received 60 percent of the stimulus funds.
If you cross the border illegally in the U.S., you get a drivers license, medical insurance, housing, career training, the right to vote.
Donald Trump has said "nuclear proliferation is OK."
Says Donald Trump supports the Wall Street bailout.
Walking in the door (Sonia Sotomayor) would bring more experience on the bench, and more varied experience on the bench, than anyone currently serving on the United States Supreme Court had when they were appointed.
Since Rick Perry became governor, "Texas has gone from 46th in the country to 50th in the population that graduates from high school."
Says Dwight Holton has never set foot in an Oregon courtroom.
The new tax law is "kicking the American economy into high gear with $5.5 trillion in tax cuts."
Obama has chosen to deny the vicious anti-Semitic motivation of the attack on a kosher Jewish grocery in Paris.
In April, "the vast majority will be (filling out their taxes) on a single postcard."
Barack Obama will somehow manage to add more than $8 trillion to the national debt, which is more debt than the 43 presidents who held office before him compiled together.
California has added twice as many jobs as Florida over the past year.
Factories are opening their doors at the fastest pace in almost two decades.
Education Secretary Betsy DeVos owes Ohio $5.3 million for campaign finance violations and Mike DeWine's office refuses to collect the fine.
Obesity kills 34 children per hour.
The Georgia Lottery paid out $2.3 billion in prizes during the last fiscal year.
Women who have miscarriages could be investigated by police under legislation supported by Republican state Senate candidate Rick Gudex.
Oregon has the sixth highest combined death tax rate in the country.
The minimum wage has risen $2.35 in the last two years. That's 31 percent.
We were able to provide $428 million worth of property tax relief.
Says "the governor is going around the state talking about [how] we should fund an income tax cut" that benefits higher income earners and not lower income earners
Global food demand is expected to increase by 50 to 97 percent by 2050.
Since last year's address, more than 10,000 jobs created -- many on the high end of the employment scale.
Says President Donald "Trump's budget gives a $100 billion tax break to three of the wealthiest families."
Republicans "don't think it's a good idea" to make the child care tax credit "stronger."
Says Connie Mack initially said he would have voted "yes" for the Paul Ryan budget plan, and then, "you said it was stupid and you would vote no. And then your folks corrected you, and you changed your position again, yes."
Jim Renacci supports a national sales tax of 23 percent.
Nonpartisan government analysts say Obamacare will cost our economy up to 2.5 million jobs.
Women in Oregon are paid 79 cents for every dollar paid to men. If the wage gap was eliminated, a working woman in Oregon would have enough money for 2,877 gallons of gas, 72 more weeks of food for her family or nearly 12 more months of rent.
Says "John Barrow voted with Obama 85 percent of the time."
Says signers of recall petitions against Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker are at risk because of newly "discovered" provisions in state law.
Under President Obama, U.S. security funding for Israel is at an all-time high.
2.4 million people in Wisconsin have pre-existing conditions and Leah Vukmir supports letting insurance companies "deny coverage to people with pre-existing conditions."
A proposed immigration bill will "bankrupt Georgia" if passed.
I've given the religious schools in my budget more money than ever before in history.
Forty percent of people in this country, illegally, are overstaying visas.
Says the Republican Party platform says "pull back even more of the rules on campaign finance reform, get rid of McCain-Feingold" while the Democratic Party platform says "we want to find a way to put more fair rules on campaign finance reform."
Attorney General Eric Holder is involved in the dismissal of the criminal charges against the New Black Panther Party for voter intimidation
One out of two Americans … are living either in or near poverty. That means 150 million Americans, half of us.
San Francisco and Takoma Park, Md., are "allowing illegals to vote."
State legislators "quietly shifted $2 billion from education to road building" in 2013.
Says Alabama Senate candidate Doug Jones "wants to raise taxes."
Last month, more Americans stopped looking for a job than found one.
And by the way, when I was governor, I did make the payment into the pension fund.
Says a picture he posted on Facebook of a man posing in front of five decapitated human heads is "one of the subhuman mongrels our president set free."
Kids coming from an affluent background are "taking advantage of all these student loan programs and grants" while many middle-class families with no connection to college are picking up the tab.
Says Sen. John McCain "has taken more money from Wall Street than any other sitting senator."
If we just froze spending at 2007 levels ... by 2013 we would balance the budget ... and by 2020 we would cut the national debt in half.
Says "Scott Walker's bad budget includes: No weekend for workers."
The Republicans' alternative health care plan "will still let insurers raise premiums four times faster than wages."
Very, very, very few people get a pat-down when they go through airport security.
The payday loan industry "does not exist in a state like Minnesota."
Congressman Jeff Denham "has agreed all illegal immigrants should be detained, arrested and deported."
Says carbon monoxide is still employed to euthanize dogs and cats in 29 Texas animal shelters.
Says Tom Cotton's vote in Congress to change Medicare "will increase out-of-pocket expenses for every senior in Arkansas."
Gov. Bob McDonnell in 2010 "did not even create enough jobs to keep pace with population growth" in Virginia.
Every "one of the mass shootings except two in America since 1950 have been" in "gun-free zones."
More people are apprehended after illegally crossing the U.S.-Mexico border a week "than are born in Texas each week."
I'll be the only economist in the (U.S.) House.
Under his leadership, more people in Wisconsin "have access to health care."
The nuclear agreement with Iran "never sunsets. There's no sunset in this agreement."
Republicans have already cut our neighborhood public schools three budgets in a row.
We reduced the government workforce by 13,000, 11 percent, during my eight years.
Says Florida officials amended a contract from Lockheed Martin from 305 promised jobs to six.
On considering U.S. Supreme Court nominees.
Loranne Ausley "voted six times to tax your savings."
Rob Portman won the fewest votes of all Ohio U. S. Senate victors since 2000.
Rick Scott wants to take us back to the days of insurance companies denying coverage for pre-existing conditions.
The Obama administration "raised discretionary spending by 24 percent from President George W. Bush's last full-year budget and will run up more debt by October than Bush did in eight years."
It costs us, logistically, three times more to fight in Afghanistan than it does in any other place.
The number of people who "believe in socialism ... is increasing."
As Alaska's attorney general, (U.S. Senate candidate Dan) Sullivan successfully fought to protect our Second Amendment rights and passed ‘stand your ground.' 
Wisconsin's middle class is the "most diminished" in the United States.
Says Chuck Schumer said "it's racist to only allow citizens to vote."
400,000 Oregonians have gained access to health care through the Affordable Care Act.
Says Aftab Pureval is "lying" about his office's "$400,000 projected deficit."
Obama says Iran is a 'tiny' country, 'doesn't pose a serious threat.'
Jon Corzine, elected governor. Teams up with Barbara Buono. $1.2 billion sales tax increase? Passed. Most spending in state history? Passed. After Buono named budget chair, taxes and fees increase 23 times in just two years. State debt? Up $13.4 billion. Unemployment? Doubled.
Last year, Korea sold nearly half a million cars in our country. ... The United States, you know how much we sell to them? Six thousand. What kind of deal is that?
Congress is "on a five-week vacation."
Texas women make an average of $8,355 less per year than men doing the very same job.
Congress' decision to "spend less around the world" on embassy security contributed to "tragedies" like Benghazi.
House Democrats "have a two-to-one advantage money-wise" against House Republicans.
Right now we're the highest taxed country in the world.
Says Sen. Sherrod Brown admitted "that his $787 billion stimulus law failed" and "after specifically attacking Republicans for wanting to lower Americans' taxes, (he) now claims that his stimulus bill 'didn't do enough' to lower taxes."
Smallville star confesses she sold children to Rothschilds and Clintons.
There's more than 100,000 people working at the Department of Agriculture. That's 1 employee for every 30 farmers.
GDP was zero essentially for the last two quarters.
Switzerland and the Netherlands . . . cover all their citizens using private insurers, and they do so for much less cost.
Our "trade with Mexico is $720 million a day; that's our No. 1 trading partner."
Langevin has been the most reliable vote for Speaker Pelosi.
Thirty years ago we were the most college-educated country on the globe. Today we are No. 11.
@realDonaldTrump is coming to San Antonio, which is 60% Mexican-AMERICAN.
Every citizen is entitled to the freedom of speech, but no one should have the right to use government funds or institutions to portray acts that are morally reprehensible to the vast majority of Americans.
The first time he ever voted as a Democrat was here in Florida in 2008. He only voted four times in his life, and he's asking Floridians to come out and vote for him.
For the first time in eight years, our budget also increases funding for persons with disabilities by $36 million to help more disabled people receive community-based services.
On attacks by Republicans that various programs in the economic stimulus plan are not stimulative, "If you add all that stuff up, it accounts for less than 1 percent of the overall package."
Says Thomas Eric Duncan came into the United States "with an elevated temperature."
Between 1982 and 2007 the cost of a college education increased 439 percent.
President Obama budget request for veterans is "more than double the amount in constant dollars appropriated in 1980, when the veterans population was larger by a third."
These guys are now pretty much living up to the @BruceRauner standard. And falling dismally short of the @MittRomney standard. Even Romney released his full tax returns.
Only 536 Georgians are signed up for Obamacare while 400,000 in the state lost their health insurance.
Says Donald Trump thinks "a grown man pretending to be a woman (should) be allowed to use the women's restroom."
The average South Korean is 3 inches taller than the average North Korean, a huge gulag.
Under David Dewhurst's leadership, the Texas "Senate passed an expansion of in-state tuition and free health care to illegal immigrants."
She hasn't run a corner store. She hasn't run a state. She hasn't run a city. She has never run anything.
We've doubled the production of clean energy.
Hillary Clinton agrees with John McCain "by voting to give George Bush the benefit of the doubt on Iran."
Congressman Bill Young voted to cut taxes for millionaires and end your Medicare.
I have voted every year in Wisconsin.
When @ScottWalker told firefighters we didn't need to worry about Act 10, we said hell no, we stand with working Wisconsinites everywhere.
Says Newt Gingrich aligned with Nancy Pelosi on global warming.
Says George LeMieux "falsely attacked Marco Rubio."
Say Charleston church shooter Dylann Roof was raped and beaten in prison.
Says Connie Mack was "the only member of the Florida delegation that voted against a bill to help NASA."
Said there is cholera in Puerto Rico after Hurricane Maria.
He reformed welfare before others tried.
Due to ... tax cuts and lower (property) values, 2009 property taxes were almost $3 billion below 2007 property taxes.
Obama's wife said her goal in life was to put the black community "first and foremost."
Nobody knows about it, nobody talks about it, but under Obama, millions of people have been moved out of this country, they've been deported.
On expanding Medicaid as part of the health care law
We expanded charter schools.
You can look at the propaganda on a lot of the terrorists' sites and what Donald Trump says about Muslims is used to recruit fighters.
Georgia and other states with weak gun laws have more crime.
In about three weeks over a half million Floridians are going to lose their coverage again through Obamacare.
Since the Affordable Care Act passed, 90 percent of job growth has been in full-time positions.
I don't know who (Jonathan Gruber) is.
More private-sector jobs were created in the second year of the Obama administration than in the eight years of the Bush administration.
Since 2009, Georgia's public schools have lost nearly 9,000 classroom teachers while the number of students has gone up.
U.S. Rep. Jim Langevin didn't want a border fence to block illegal immigration "because he is afraid that someone will get hurt trying to go around the fence."
Hillary Clinton's international travels included "no serious diplomacy."
Says President Barack Obama promised he would cut the deficit in half, but instead will at least double it.
Most of Ted Cruz's money comes from Washington, from outside the state of Texas.
A cap-and-trade plan promoted by Barack Obama would hit hardest "those already struggling to make ends meet."
To say a family has to buy a product from a private company is clearly beyond the delegated powers of the U.S. Constitution.
President Obama's health care law says "when you sell your house now you have to pay a 3.8 percent tax."
The U.S. Justice Department has "taken on more than 100 voting rights cases since 2009."
Since President Barack Obama took office, "you have 1,700 employees just at the Department of Transportation" earning over $170,000.
Veterans' unemployment is actually now lower than (the) general population. It was higher when I came into office.
Says Chuck Hagel has called for "an end to our nuclear program."
Even Richard Nixon released his tax returns to the public when he was running for president ...
Edward Snowden: Osama bin Laden is still alive living in the Bahamas.
95 percent of teachers and principals are not implicated in the [Atlanta Public Schools cheating scandal] report at all.
Says the Washington Post fact-checked a charge he opposed pre-existing condition protections for health insurance "and gave that Four Pinocchios."
When Tallahassee politicians and bureaucrats tried to run our schools, "I've stood up to them to protect local control."
Senate Democrats who left the state for weeks to delay a vote on union bargaining power exercised a "Wisconsin filibuster" provided by the state's constitution.
Maj. Nidal Hasan, the man accused of the Fort Hood shootings, "was an ADVISOR to the Obama Administration."
Says VA doctors are "censored from being able to talk to their patients" about marijuana, even in states where it is legal for medicinal use
The last quarter, it was just announced, our gross domestic product … was below zero. Who ever heard of this? It's never below zero.
Virtually no Republican in Washington accepts climate change science.
You have to be a citizen to vote, but with same-day voter registration, "you have places where people just walk in and vote."
Twenty four states have voter ID or comparable restrictions; before Barack Obama was elected, it was two.
It is wrong for the average federal worker today to make more than $100,000 while the average private-sector worker makes less than $70,000.
Says he has engaged in the political process "only in the past decade."
We are only inches away from ceasing to be a free market economy.
In the last five years only one out of 60 -- one out of 60 -- appropriations bills has been passed on time before the end of the fiscal year.
Says that Dianne Feinstein said that "all vets are mentally ill in some way and government should prevent them from owning firearms."
Wisconsin's Government Accountability Board "ignored their duties and did not regularly audit" voters to remove felons "for a span of 16 elections.
At this point in 2012, "Rick Perry was ahead at 29.9 percent, and we had seven more leads before it finally settled on Mitt Romney."
Last week, the Supreme Court reversed a century of law that I believe will open the floodgates for special interests – including foreign corporations – to spend without limit in our elections.
25 percent of our economy is the financial sector.
Suntrust Bank cancels account because company sells guns.
Because of a local version of Amendment 4, "the taxpayers of St. Pete Beach have had to pay hundreds of thousands in legal bills."
American troops have never been under the formal control of another nation.
John McCain intervened, which helped Airbus get that Pentagon contract.
The fact that Rick Scott is running for governor as a 'reformer' would be funny if it wasn't so outrageous. This is a man who barely escaped imprisonment.
Wisconsin ranks 48th out of all 50 states in venture capital investment.
Sen. Obama has always had a 100 percent prochoice rating.
We were one of the first states in the U.S. to build sewers, to bring the treatment plant on line.
Georgia is "one of only about seven states in the country" that has a AAA bond rating.
Wisconsin requires, "by law, a photo ID to vote."
The Koch Brothers are "spending more money than either the Democratic or Republican parties" in the 2016 elections.
Says Mexico can afford to build a wall because the country's trade deficit with America is billions of dollars.
The 'New York Times' writes this long story about Donald Trump's tax returns but "didn't point out there was no wrongdoing" until paragraph 18.
Maryland is "creating jobs at 2 ½ times the rate that Virginia is."
mostly false
I remember one of [Curt Schilling's] teammates said he painted his sock, the bloody sock.
Texas ranks: #1 in worker deaths, #1 carbon emissions, #50 in high school graduates, #50 in funding for mental health patients.
Number of Americans killed by terrorism in the last decade: 24. Number of Americans killed by guns in the last decade: 280,024.
Says the Department of Homeland Security didn't request any hours of aerial surveillance for the U.S.-Mexico border from the Department of Defense for 2017.
On using the Strategic Petroleum Reserve.
He's a good man but he's a pro-life liberal. He's right on the pro-life part, but he's a liberal.
Our graduation rate is the highest it's ever been.
Says Michelle Obama waved "red communist flags" on her trip to China.
There are more than twice as many (crisis pregnancy centers) as there are legitimate abortion providers in the United States.
Says Mitt Romney supports a plan "to slowly and gradually raise the retirement age of Social Security."
U.S. Senate candidate Jack Kingston voted for the "Cash for Clunkers" program.
Earlier this year, Dan Patrick and Republican leadership snatched millions of dollars in benefits from retired teachers.
The White House has three staff calligraphers making between $86,000 and $97,000 each, and just one National Security Director. She makes $55,000.
The pastor McCain calls his 'spiritual guide,' Rod Parsley, believes America's founding mission is to destroy Islam, which he calls a 'false religion.' 
Rand Paul "wants us to pay $2,000 just to get Medicare."
I think if you look to Chicago, where you had over 4,000 victims of gun-related crimes last year, they have the strictest gun laws in the country. That certainly hasn't helped there.
We've seen more filibusters on judicial nominees by the Republicans under President Obama than we saw in the whole history of the United States Senate.
Sen. Harry Reid voted "against declaring English our national language, twice."
Says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker "is denying Democrats the right to vote."
The "FBI was actively investigating Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server" on Sept. 2, 2016.
Says Ohio Rep. Marcy Kaptur "actually lives" in "a fancy condo in the Washington, D.C. suburbs."
The average American is working through the month of May just to pay off the government.
If you count United States airstrikes against ISIS, "75 percent of those combat missions return to base without having fired a weapon."
Toledo … is fourth in the nation behind much bigger cities — Miami, Las Vegas, Portland — in number of human trafficking arrests and rescues.
On the Iraq war, "I said it loud and clear, 'You'll destabilize the Middle East.' "
Says Russ Feingold cast the "deciding vote" for the "largest tax increase" in history
I don't answer hypotheticals.
Says Mark Zandi, who wrote a report criticizing Donald Trump's economic proposals, is "one of Sen. John McCain's former economic advisers."
Says Donald Trump "wants us to pull out of NATO."
Borrowing in my 2015-'17 state budget is less than half that in my predecessor's last budget and "the lowest it has been in a decade."
I released all my emails.
Georgia has a well-deserved reputation for setting the gold standard for food safety.
They're saying that 40 percent of the traffic that goes over [the Sakonnet River Bridge is from] out of state.
Illegal immigration costs state taxpayers over $3 billion every year.
Says state lawmakers have voted to "spend virtually all of the Rainy Day Fund four times" since the fund's creation.
FBI crime statistics have found that labeled ‘sanctuary' cities experience lower rates of all crime types, including homicides.
Says the Simpson-Bowles deficit reduction proposal went from President Barack Obama's desk to "the garbage can."
Says Brett Kavanaugh's mother presided over foreclosure case against Christine Blasey Ford's parents, which fueled motivation for sexual assault accusation.
Says Connie Mack "is protecting Chevron oil from a multi-billion dollar lawsuit over pollution of rivers and rainforests."
The United States already has the highest corporate tax rate in the world.
Says "we are going to sell this house and use the proceeds to stabilize rates."
Says the inspector general for the IRS said there was "no political motivation" and "no outside influence" for targeting of tax-exempt applications from tea party groups
California's credit rating is "the worst in the country."
In some states, it is still legal to deny a woman coverage because she's been the victim of domestic violence.
Obamacare … means that for up to 20 million Americans, they will lose the insurance they currently have, the insurance that they like and they want to keep.
There are about 120,000 solar energy jobs in the United States, but only 1,700 of them are in Georgia.
We now know these firms are unwilling to put up any private money, for California's high-speed rail project.
John McCain "has threatened extinction for North Korea and sung songs about bombing Iran."
Most Texans aren't millionaires.
Indiana has purged no less than 20,000 voters in violation of a federal court order.
Thousands of Americans have been killed by illegal immigrants.
Georgia loses "millions of dollars of revenue because people go out of state to buy fireworks."
I did not support the sequester.
99 percent of all new income today (is) going to the top 1 percent.
Says Missouri Democratic Senate candidate Jason Kander is "attending fancy dinners all over the country."
The Democratic health care bill in the House would "create 53 new government bureaucracies."
Ohio student suspended for staying in class during National Walkout Day
On an early date for Florida's presidential primary
This year in Congress (Connie Mack IV) has missed almost half of his votes.
Heroin comes in the United States "from the southern border."
On mandating health care coverage.
Dems want billions to go to Insurance Companies to bail out donors
I co-sponsored the Rebuild America Jobs Act for transportation and infrastructure.
Obamacare takes $500 billion out of Medicare and funds Obamacare.
Says he did not vote for Nancy Pelosi for speaker of the House.
On Common Core.
(Charter schools in Missouri) are actually failing in a greater capacity than the public school systems.
Says Patrick Murphy "supports a gun ban on commonly owned semi-automatic firearms used for hunting, recreational shooting and self defense."
On requiring young people to perform national service.
Regarding the surgery that saved Jimmy Kimmel's son, "Medicaid has stopped providing this kind of service."
What did Joe Manchin say about civility? Today, he said he wanted to ‘beat the living crap out of' his Republican opponent during their debate.
A couple of hundred American cities are infested by members of the Mexican cartels.
Says the U.S. Senate has passed "a budget" over the last three years "called the Budget Control Act."
You see the Nazi platform from the early 1930s ... look at it compared to the (Democratic Party) platform of today, you're saying, 'Man, those things are awfully similar.'
Says Carlos Beruff "supported (Charlie) Crist even after he switched parties."
Despite what you may have heard about Wisconsin's finances, Wisconsin is on track to have a budget surplus this year.
Many of the countries in question (in Trump's travel ban) don't even have a U.S. embassy there to help us vet.
Says Donald Trump said at the Republican convention, "I alone can fix it."
Says Tennessee's higher education funding model "is 100 percent outcomes-based" and "we are already seeing this model changing the way our postsecondary institutions do business."
Obama for President and Baldwin for Senate have kept their campaign offices up and running in Fox Valley, Eau Claire and La Crosse with their staffs preparing for the next battle.
Of all the 62 counties in New York state, all of them, unemployment is going up except for the five counties of New York City.
Says he never said he wanted to move Social Security "back to the states."
Over 214,000 doctors opt out of Obamacare exchanges.
Just look at what the FBI director said about her (Hillary Clinton) — her misconduct is a disgrace and embarrassment to our country.
Existing law right now requires 700 miles of double-layered border fencing on the Mexico border.
In 1960, we spent more than 3 percent of our GDP on infrastructure projects like the Interstate Highway. Today we spend less than 1 percent of our GDP on these vital investments.
Says Rick Scott's per-pupil education spending is "about $200 less" than what it was under Charlie Crist during the recession.
In Washington, McCaskill joined the liberals for giving amnesty to 11 million illegal immigrants.
More people are struck by lightning than commit in-person voter fraud by impersonation.
Rhode Island's exports have increased by 53 percent in the last two years.
U.S. Olympic medal winners will owe up to $9,000 to the IRS.
We've got four Supreme Court justices who … signed their name to a declaration that Americans have no fundamental right to self-defense.
Says $6 billion projected to accumulate in the state's rainy day fund is already used.
In 2005 and 2007, " Joe Straus received a 100 percent rating by NARAL (the National Abortion and Reproductive Rights Action League)."
In the House Republican bill, "70 percent of the tax relief goes to those families making less than 200,000."
(Bill) McCollum also voted for numerous amendments to weaken the legislation, even voting to make trains less accessible to those in wheelchairs.
The city of Clarkston "can't decriminalize marijuana. Only state legislators and Congress can do that."
Wisconsin pays 50% more than Minnesota for the same health care.
Some of the things that (Megyn Kelly) said, I didn't say.
I used tax cuts to help create over 80,000 jobs in New Mexico.
The Canadians — they (dropped) their tax rates to 15 percent. The average tax rate on businesses in the industrialized world is 25 percent.
It costs more money to put a person on death row than it does to lock them up for the rest of their lives because of attorney fees.
Says Elissa Slotkin's plan is to take Medicare away from current senior recipients.
Corrupt political bosses. Money laundering. Fraud. It's just another day at the office for Vin Gopal.
Says Donald Trump "started his career back in 1973 being sued by the Justice Department for racial discrimination because he would not rent apartments in one of his developments to African-Americans."
If Obamacare is fully implemented, 30 million people will still be without health insurance.
I built the last nuclear plant — not only in the state, but in the country.
San Antonio is "now the largest city in the United States ever to have an African American woman mayor."
Congressman John Lewis, an American hero, made allegations that Sarah Palin and I were somehow associated with ... the worst chapter in American history. ... And, Senator Obama, you didn't repudiate those remarks.
750 days since Bill Nelson & the Democrats in the Senate passed a budget. How can this be justified?
The Supreme Court "can't overrule the other two" branches of government.
Says Tammy Baldwin is "more worried about the mastermind of 9/11" than supporting CIA director nominee Gina Haspel.
We were promised (the stimulus) would provide 'green jobs' for Americans, but 80% of the $2 billion they spent on alternative energy went to purchase wind turbines built in China!
We've broken "by millions" the all-time record for votes in a GOP presidential primary election.
A report by the US General Accountability Office (GAO) in 2008 found that the disposal of Katrina wastes by AshBritt in the south resulted in the creation of contaminated sites along the Gulf Coast and two new Superfund sites in New Orleans.
Proposed gun control legislation "will outlaw practically every firearm, make you pay $100 per firearm, put you into a police database" and make it "nearly impossible" to get a permit to carry a concealed weapon.
The United States imprisons more than any nation in the world.
Says the federal government could save $175,587 by eliminating a study of the "connection between cocaine and risky sex habits of the Japanese quail."
Says the fertilizer plant that exploded in West, Texas,"had not been inspected by the state of Texas since 2006."
That was the largest audience to witness an inauguration, period.
There is no evidence to support the claim that Guantanamo is used as a recruiting tool for terrorists.
Thanks to President Trump and Republican leadership, the number of people collecting food stamps has declined by more than two million.
According to the CDC, "110 million Americans now have a sexually transmitted illness."
Says "as a share of the US economy, the government's support for research and development (R&D) has fallen by nearly two-thirds since the 1960s."
We have not had unemployment this high for this long since the Great Depression.
There's a tremendous tax that we pay when we (American businesses) go into China, whereas when China sells to us there's no tax.
When colleges and universities are added, education spending is the biggest item in the state budget — about 52 percent of all state dollars.
John McCain said "he wouldn't even sit down with the government of Spain, a NATO ally that has troops in Afghanistan with us now."
Says Obama called Israel "a constant sore" that infects U.S. foreign policy.
Says Miami Congressman Carlos "Curbelo supports drilling offshore" and "repeatedly voted against President Obama's ability to fight pollution and combat climate change."
For "the past year, I was censored" and muzzled.
Says Michele Bachmann said, "The Chinese built a Great Wall 5,000 years ago. You don't see any illegal Mexicans in China."
I'm the only person on this stage who has worked actively just last year passing, along with Russ Feingold, some of the toughest ethics reform since Watergate.
In her nearly decade and (a) half in Congress, Tammy Baldwin has sponsored 105 bills. Only three have been enacted into law.
The woman named Wisconsin's 2010 "outstanding teacher of the year" was laid off by the Milwaukee Public Schools that year under "seniority and tenure rules" that were eliminated by his Act 10 changes.
McCain opposes a woman's right to choose.
A trade war is something very different (than curbing new trade agreements). We went down that road in the 1930s. It made the Great Depression longer and more painful.
Says "Iraq has been overrun by ISIS because Hillary Clinton failed to renegotiate . . . a status of forces agreement."
Says "Obamacare" is "the largest middle-class tax increase in history."
On lifting the U.S. Cuban embargo and allowing travel to Cuba.
If you don't count illegal aliens, people who qualify for other insurance, and people who make more than $75,000 a year, "it leaves about 15 million people" who are uninsured.
Saudi Arabia has the third-largest military budget in the entire world.
Most people in New Hampshire want to raise the minimum wage. (State Rep. Marilinda) Garcia opposes it.
The Congressional Budget Office most recently came out and analyzed the current (health care) plan and said that it was not only deficit-neutral, but also that over 10 years it would create a $6 billion surplus.
He's been in office nearly four years now, but 40% of Wisconsinites don't know who (U.S. Sen.) Ron Johnson is.
Kasich's budget increases state spending from $50.5 billion to $55.6 billion. This is the second largest, two-year spending increase in Ohio history.
El precio de combustible ha aumentado un 25% este año / "The price of gas has increased 25% this year."
Of 1 million green cards issued a year, "almost none of those green cards are based on job skills or demonstrated economic needs."
There's no plan from Senate Democrats or the White House to replace the sequester.
Barack Obama was "a trial attorney for ACORN."
Under (Obamacare), you can't reward a person for better behavior. You can't have incentives to be healthier.
Contends that President Obama "literally said (if) his cap-and-trade proposals were to pass, that utility rates, his words now, would, 'necessarily skyrocket.'"
Says Tim Kaine "actually tried to raise taxes by about $4 billion."
Federal law for Obamacare navigators "does not bar — or even require screening for — convicted felons, including individuals convicted of identity theft or fraud."
During the Strickland-Cordray era, taxes were raised by $800 million and Ohio lost 400,000 jobs.
52 jobs have been saved or created in Florida's 34th Congressional District.
I am now the No. 2 member of this House in terms of length of service.
House Republicans "weren't part of the negotiations" on the Wall Street bailout plan.
Says Bernie Sanders "is the most popular politician in America today."
Says a poll found him the only Republican candidate who could beat Barack Obama in Texas -- and by eight points.
Dubious taxpayer-funded stimulus spending -- Part II.
Says that during the Supreme Court campaign, Michael Screnock has "vowed to uphold the platform of the NRA."
A new presidential helicopter "is now going to cost as much as Air Force One."
Obama will charge a 28 percent tax on all home sales.
You would receive a citation for taking a dildo to class at the University of Texas.
Says congressional candidate Dino Rossi once suggested "the state build homes for unwed mothers."
Says the national debt and President Barack Obama's "refusal to control spending led to our nation's credit rating being downgraded for the first time in history."
There are more young black males involved in the criminal justice system than there are in higher education.
Says she "never received nor sent any material that was marked classified" on her private email server while secretary of state.
Just in: 45 states just banned Sharia law
Says Josh Mandel's campaign is under FBI investigation
Here's the simple and undeniable fact: The overwhelming majority of violent criminals are Democrats.
On whether the United States should intervene in Libya.
We are looking at "150,000 barrels (of oil) per day less next year, and 200,000 barrels per day less being able to be developed from the gulf the year after" because of the moratorium on new drilling enacted by the Obama administration.
Claims Wisconsin Senate Majority Leader Scott Fitzgerald said: "It is necessary to eliminate unions in order to balance future budgets."
A judge's order means there's a "Constitution exemption zone" if you live "within 100 miles of the United States border."
The Department of Energy's "Billion Ton Study" has shown that wind and solar energy combined "could at best provide only 5 percent of our total energy needs."
I'm not a politician.
Says that during the first 19 months of the Obama administration, the U.S. detained people from nations designated as state sponsors of terrorism on the southwestern border.
U.S. global AIDS spending helped reduce "political instability and violence" by "40 percent" in recipient nations.
The Collins-Nelson bill will not protect pre-existing conditions. It has nothing to do with pre-existing conditions.
Says "Rick Santorum supported (Arlen) Specter over conservative candidates twice."
Says over 25 percent of the Texas budget funds services to non-U.S. citizens.
Says David Perdue made tens of millions of dollars piling a firm with billions in debt.
The reality is, we are holding some of the most dangerous terrorists in the world right now in our federal prisons, including the mastermind of the 1993 World Trade Center bombing, the 'shoe bomber,' the 'Unabomber,' and many others.
The economy began its nose dive when Democrats took control of Congress in January 2007.
Democrats have "lost more than 900 state legislators" since Barack Obama has been president.
Farmers "are now dumping milk into the ditches" because of a trade dispute with Canada
You cannot get (Ebola) from just riding on a plane or bus.
Everyone on California's roads is properly licensed, tested and insured.
PHARMACEUTICAL COMPANIES that manufacture vaccines have IMMUNITY FROM PROSECUTION!
For every one job created under the Obama administration, 75 people went on food stamps.
Bank of America could create 878,300 jobs with benefits if they spent their 2010 bonuses on job creation.
The cost of a gas tank fill-up has risen $30 since Barack Obama became president.
false
(Newt Gingrich) voted in favor of establishing the Department of Education, and yet he gets in a debate and says we should get rid of the Department of Education and send all the education issues back to the states.
In Iran in 1979, the extremists hijacked the broad-based popular revolution against the Shah and established a brutal theocracy.
Says Oregonians for Food and Shelter "proudly features board members from Monsanto and Syngenta and the (Oregon) Farm Bureau also receives funding from biotech companies."
New reports show Kevin Nicholson made over $1 million advising companies that shut down Wisconsin plants and laid off 1,900 people.
Says "Obama paid FBI informant over $1 million to do it to Trump."
Last year, Beaverton School District had the highest number of homeless students ever recorded in Oregon.
Says U.S. Rep. John Barrow, D-Ga., celebrates gun ownership even in the face of school shootings.
BREAKING NEWS: Donald Trump On His Way To Donate Kidney To Melania Trump.
As Virginia lost over 65,000 jobs, (Tim) Kaine put partisan ambitions first by serving as DNC chairman during the last year of his governorship.
In 1998, nearly half of Florida's fourth-graders were functionally illiterate. Today, 72% of them can read.
The growth rate of women-owned businesses in Texas has nearly doubled that of the nation since President Obama has taken office.
Iowa has the fourth fastest-growing personal income in the United States, while nationally, the real wage has decreased over the past eight years that Congressman (Bruce) Braley has been there by 2.7 percent.
The average federal employee makes $120,000 a year. The average private employee makes $60,000 a year.
Says Nick Kahl made it harder for many families to cover basic health care expenses.
Trained police hit their targets less than 30 percent of the time.
Says Scott Walker "wants state taxpayers to dole out up to $250 million annually in incentives" to Foxconn "to lure a manufacturing plant to Wisconsin that he claims will generate $181 million in tax revenue."
After (Jeb) Bush's two terms in office, Florida's graduation rate was dead last and remains near the bottom.
The Obama administration estimates the number of children at the border is "going to increase to 150,000 to 200,000 next year."
Says Texas passed a state ‘Dream Act' before any other state.
Says the word "Dhimmitude" is on page 107 of the health care law and means "Muslims are specifically exempted from the government mandate to purchase insurance."
Since President Obama took office, over 88,000 Ohio workers have lost their jobs.
Says Julie Parrish "voted to divert $160 million from public schools to private for-profit schools."
Says Hillary Clinton and millennials have the same positions on climate change, abortion rights, immigration reform, gay rights and college affordability. "Donald Trump doesn't."
Says "our taxes have doubled" with Rick Perry in office.
I have not said that I was a single-payer supporter.
On how to respond to Puerto Rico's debt crisis.
Obama's Ten Point Plan to 'Change' the Second Amendment…Ban use of firearms for home defense.
Says Democratic recall opponent Mahlon Mitchell sent a letter "encouraging folks to boycott more than 100 companies."
Says the T.R.U.M.P. Act, which would force presidential candidates to release their tax returns to run in North Carolina, "has a lot of support – by a majority of North Carolinians and members of both parties."
Says Donald Trump "says organized crime runs wild on reservations."
Says Time magazine called him "one of America's best governors."
The ratio of people working for the government and working in manufacturing today is "an almost exact reversal of the situation in 1960."
When the NECAP proficiency test is re-given to the kids the second and third time, harder questions are taken out.
In Rhode Island "there are 150 different pension plans for public workers."
The Virginia population increased by just 8 percent from 2005 to 2015, but the per capita spending in the budget increased by a whopping 38 percent.
One in four inmates is an illegal immigrant.
My position hasn't changed on using executive authority to address immigration issues.
In reality, gas produced by fracking is worse for the climate than coal.
The legislation ... that Senator McCain supports would provide the authority for the federal government to surveille American citizens in their own country without any suspicion whatsoever that they're engaging in discussions with terrorists or about criminal activity.
Chris Koster "opposed protecting the women of Missouri" because he "was one of only four senators to vote against" a bill ending the practice of making rape victims pay for their own rape kits.
98 percent of American families make "under $250,000 a year."
Iowa, for good reason, for constitutional reasons, for reasons related to the Lord, should be the first caucus and primary.
Says his hometown of Paint Creek, Texas, "doesn't even have a ZIP code."
These steps (a middle-class tax cut, national health care plan, foreclosure prevention fund, Social Security fix and more) are all paid for.
A study says Massachusetts has lost 18,000 jobs because residents were required to obtain health insurance under an act signed into law by Mitt Romney.
Last year -- actually, this year in May -- we saw New Jersey Transit fares rise anywhere from 25 percent to 47 percent.
Says Nikita Khrushchev brought an extra shoe to a United Nations session in 1960, which he banged on the desk in protest.
The economy added more jobs during four years under Obama than it did in the entire eight years under George W. Bush.
Says President Donald Trump "has given more financial disclosure than anybody else."
The costs for families (in the individual market) for the same type of coverage that they're currently receiving would go down 14 percent to 20 percent.
Unlike you and me, Congress gets to keep up to $11,000 a year in taxpayer subsidies under Obamacare.
Eighty percent of all U.S. communities depend solely on trucks to deliver and supply the products sold in stores or ordered online.
On whether he would put a missile shield in Poland.
When Congress voted to condemn Iran for sentencing a Christian pastor to death, (U.S. Rep. Lois) Capps was the only member who voted no.
Since the Democrats' stimulus went into effect last year, Ohio has lost about 150,000 Jobs.
Under Rick Scott, there has been a "historic $20 billion in funds for education."
X marks the spot at every HCA location where (Gov. Rick Scott) probably defrauded taxpayers.
Florida's school marshal program passed by the Florida House is the "first-of-its kind."
Says a WHO proposal "portrays milk and dairy products as an obstacle to a healthy start in life."
Eliminating earmarks does not reduce spending.
As district attorney, Susan Happ took $180,000 in a "shady" land deal "from a man charged with multiple felony counts of sexual assault before she offered him a deferred prosecution."
On tax breaks for businesses
Scott Walker cut school funding more per student than any governor in America.
The "highest economic growth decade was the 1960s. Income tax rates were 90 percent."
Says he has "never received any contributions from the Koch brothers."
Planned Parenthood is "nothing more than a referral service. … They don't do anything except profit from killing babies and then selling body parts of those aborted babies."
Says "11 straight years of no major hurricanes striking land" in the United States "bores a hole right through the whole climate change argument."
I don't think I've ever hired an illegal in my life.
Says Republicans want to cut education by 25 percent.
Says Michelle Nunn is "for amnesty."
Mitt Romney has 15 homes.
One-third of the economic stimulus package was tax cuts.
Milwaukee lost the headquarters for MillerCoors because the area lacks good transit.
A study "from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Harvard, and Dartmouth concluded that Medicaid's value to its beneficiaries is significantly lower than the actual cost of the program."
Says students who receive free or reduced lunch are "performing just as well" as students who do not.
For anybody who's trying to cross the street and has seen those signs that say you have to stop when pedestrians are in the crosswalk, that was a bill that I passed.
mostly false
The Obama administration gave Iran "$400 million in ransom payment cash."
A telephone company will no longer have to provide landline service to customers if there is an alternative provider, including wireless.
This year, we have added an average of 200,000 jobs per month, a majority in the private sector, a stark contrast to the Bush Administration record of losing an average of nearly 750,000 jobs per month in its last three months.
Says state Rep. Sandy Pasch, her recall opponent, "voted to allow public school employees to use taxpayer dollars to pick up the tab for…Viagra."
Says Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke has "deputies collecting overtime while sitting passively in chairs watching courthouse security personnel work."
The ‘tax plan' rolled out by @realDonaldTrump would have cut his taxes by $30 million in 2005 (the only year we have returns for).
For more than 30 years after World War II, there was a steady reduction in U.S. debt as a percentage of gross domestic product.
Black and Latino people in NYC are arrested at TEN times the rate of white people for virtually the same rate of marijuana usage.
U.S. military involvement in Libya "allowed thousands of surface-to-air missiles to fall into the hands of radical Islamists."
Judicial Watch reports show 1.7 million California votes are not registered voters!
Just like the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, "the AFL-CIO receives dues from foreign entities associated with it."
Sen. Obama has declared, and repeatedly reaffirmed his intention to meet the president of Iran without any preconditions.
We have 80,000 abortions in Texas every year.
U.S. debt is "now equal to 100 percent of the GDP."
Says Connie Mack's Penny Plan would cut "over $200 billion out of Medicare, over $1 trillion out of Social Security. ... $3 trillion out of defense."
Washington, D.C., now has greater population than Wyoming and Vermont, more active duty military than 29 states, more tax revenue than 29 states (and) a larger domestic product than 27 states.
Barack Hussein Obama will … force doctors to assist homosexuals in buying surrogate babies.
Fulton County has successfully reduced the number of pregnancies among 15- to 19-year-olds.
The expiration of the Bush-era tax cuts ... would be the biggest tax increase in the history of the country, about $4.6 trillion over 10 years.
Says "if you are shot in the city of Newark, you have over an 80 percent chance that you've been arrested before an average of 10 times."
Americans spend 100-million hours a year filling out these forms (FAFSA). That is the equivalent of 55,500 full-time jobs.
In 2010, Clinton "said Iran could enrich uranium. In 2014 she said she's always argued against it."
The best evidence is that you lose -- if you use marijuana as a teenager regularly -- eight IQ points.
The 2006 Massachusetts health care law has "added (only) about 1 percent to our state budget."
...Over 30 years, federal spending on education has grown by 375 percent, but test scores remain flat.
Under Obamacare, "American families have seen an increase in premiums of $5,000."
On a single-payer healthcare system
The U.N. Arms Treaty "infringes upon our right to keep and bear arms."
Worked with Ronald Reagan and helped re-elect him.
David Dewhurst currently owes more than $1 million to vendors for services provided to his 2012 U.S. Senate campaign.
Sixty percent of New Jersey doctors do not accept Medicaid patients.
Saudi Arabia is "the only Muslim country out of 47 Muslim-majority countries" where women cannot get licenses to drive.
The Dog Meat Festival in Yulin, China, "threatens global public health."
Trump votes for death penalty for being gay.
New Jersey has the second highest rate of institutionalization of people with developmental disabilities "in America. Only Texas puts more of its citizens -- confines more of its citizens -- to institutions than New Jersey. "
Says he fought for the repeal of a septic tank inspection program after "Tallahassee pulled a fast one."
Fifteen years ago, the assets of the six largest banks in this country totaled 17 percent of GDP ... The assets of the six largest banks in the United States today total 63 percent of GDP.
Former President Bill Clinton and his Clinton Health Access Initiative (CHAI) distributed ‘watered-down' HIV/AIDS drugs to patients in sub-Saharan Africa.
Says that in his book, Rick Perry said that "Social Security is unconstitutional."
Without the financial resources provided by hunters to protect habitat and stop poachers, there would be no infrastructure for wildlife management.
Today roughly half of born-again Christians aren't voting. They're staying home.
There is currently no ability to vet these people, referring to Syrian refugees.
Since we last debated in Las Vegas, nearly 3,000 people have been killed by guns.
The Austin Tea Party and an ultra-conservative millionaire are behind the campaign against the city's light-rail proposition.
Among his (Obama's) pet projects is a bill ... which would commit the U.S. to spending 0.7 percent of gross national product on foreign aid.
We have been in Afghanistan longer now than we have been in any foreign land conducting a war in our nation's history.
Did you know that in 2013 over 50 percent of all babies born in Oregon were Hispanic?
Obama's job approval rating is up.
Our own National Security Agency says that (Iran's) nuclear ambitions are advancing, and at the same time ... we are slashing our own nuclear arsenal.
A major part of the climate change bill sponsored by Sens. John Kerry and Joe Lieberman "was essentially written by BP."
A provision in the health care reform bill for end-of-life counseling for seniors is not "entirely voluntary."
Texas is LAST (50th) in spending for mental health care.
Public support for abortion "is actually going down a little bit," polls show.
Two million more Latinos are in poverty today than when President Obama took his oath of office less than eight years ago.
About 106,000 soldiers had "a prescription of three weeks or more" for pain, depression or anxiety medication.
Says he was endorsed by the Valley News newspaper.
Says Ted Strickland "in this campaign bragged about his A-plus rating with the NRA. ... He has said he has a mixed and spotty record on this issue and that he can be criticized for it. Those are his words, not mine. So I don't know where he is on this issue."
Unfortunately everyone needs to cut back in these tough economic times. That's why I voted to cut my own pay along with the pay of our state employees.
Eighty percent of the school tax bills in the state of Pennsylvania went up over last year.
I don't have lobbyists running my campaign.
Democrat Maxine Waters has shown up to only 10 percent of congressional meetings for 35 years.
In the past 27 months, President Barack Obama has created more private-sector jobs than "in the Reagan recovery."
Corporate entities are paying a lot less taxes this year than they have in the past. Part of that is from a loophole in a bill that was passed in 2015.
Congress shoveled $700 billion into the Troubled Assets Relief Program, $325 billion of which has been spent without purchasing any toxic assets.
8.5 million Americans have gotten rebate checks because their insurance companies were spending too much money on executive bonuses and administrative costs and not enough on health care.
On running for re-election to U.S. Senate
Most likely the primary control knob (for the earth's temperature) is the ocean waters and this environment that we live in.
U.S. Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid on whether Senate Democrats would seat Roland Burris.
On the Cuba embargo.
A college loan is the only loan in the United States that you cannot refinance when interest rates go down.
Paul Ryan's Medicare plan provides "pretty much" the same coverage that members of Congress receive.
Global warming leads to much quicker spread of the Zika virus because the increased temperature, "makes mosquitoes mature faster, . . . bite more due to having a higher metabolism, and makes the Zika virus inside of them incubate faster."
The average family premium has increased by 29% under Obama!
Ed Gillespie's 2006 book "promoted an individual health care mandate, and recommends that it be enforced by the IRS through the income tax code."
If you are black or brown, you are nine times more likely to be stopped and frisked in New York City.
Says Gov. Charlie Crist has called him "a rock star."
Twitter caught leaking Donald Trump's private messages in undercover sting.
Wisconsin "was literally broke" when Republicans took office in January 2011.
Under the new health care law, the elderly will be denied care when they have "passed the age limit for treatment."
The list of voters that North Carolina Republicans "tried to purge was two-thirds black and Democratic."
Says "only about 2 percent" of gun sales in Virginia are not subject to background checks.
In Wisconsin, 98 percent of all small businesses will qualify for income-tax relief under my plan, freeing them to expand and create jobs.
Obama's liberal fiscal agenda: Over $874-billion in new spending.
Hillary Clinton "has the only health care plan that covers every American."
Obama came into office "with a $1.3 trillion deficit before I had passed any law. ... We came in with $8 trillion worth of debt over the next decade."
You look at defense … we're spending more than the rest of the world combined.
By 2022, just the interest payment on our debt will be greater than the defense of our country.
41 cents out of every dollar (the U.S. spends) is borrowed from places like China.
Says Obama opposes lower gas taxes, nuclear power, new offshore drilling and doesn't have "new solutions" to the energy crisis.
The Dallas Cowboys can't put a sticker on their helmets for the 5 police officers who were killed.
The Republican from Georgia [U.S. Rep. Jack Kingston], he hasn't even been to a NASCAR race.
Says U.S. Sen. Bill Nelson "voted with the Democrats in Congress nearly 95 percent of the time."
Patrick Rose "voted to explore a state income tax."
Our economy still has three people looking for every job (opening).
Says "kids who start in the ninth grade in the city of Newark this past September, 23 percent of them will graduate in four years."
Paul Ryan's budget "keeps the Obamacare taxes and spending cuts that paid for Obamacare, but then cuts all of the benefits."
Under the House Republican health plan, sexual assault is a pre-existing condition.
Oil companies "haven't touched" 68 million acres where they already have rights to drill.
Says Adolf Hitler "didn't even sink to the level of using chemical weapons. ... He was not using the gas on his own people the same way that (Bashar al-)Assad is doing."
The RI Board of Elections has heard official testimony from Providence residents who claim to have witnessed known illegal aliens voting in local elections.
When you look at all the state and local taxes we pay in Wisconsin, the wealthiest 1 percent pay the lowest overall tax rate.
Says the media distorted what happened with a baby at his rally.
It's just been announced that the residents of Florida are going to experience a massive, double-digit premium hike.
The director of the FBI said that we cannot figure out who (Syrian refugees) are, what their intentions are, because we have no information on them, because we don't have any contact with the Syrian government or any people on the ground to be able to determine that.
According to 2009 estimates, an agreement with Panama could result in almost 1,900 Florida jobs in the first year – and about 15,000 jobs after five years.
You have been selected to take part in our short survey to get 2 Free Alaska Airlines Tickets!
Wisconsin's graduation rates have grown to over 90 percent since Tony Evers became state school superintendent.
Small businesses (are) going out of business in record numbers.
Prince William County "has cut violent crime in half" since instituting a crackdown on illegal immigration.
Todd Staples recently tried to woo his supporters and right-wing base by suggesting the Agriculture Commission cut programs intended to feed the elderly and disabled, many of whom are veterans.
My husband and I have never gotten a penny of money from the farm.
Florida has "more concealed weapons permits than any other state."
Lincoln Chafee "voted with President George W. Bush and the conservative leadership 76% of the time."
Says oil "production's down where Obama's in charge."
Says "Donald Trump proposes to deport 16 million people, 11 million who are here without documents, and both Donald Trump and Mike Pence want to get rid of birthright citizenship."
The Chinese are there in Syria.
The folks in Washington are "already forcing you to buy government health care."
Says Hillary Clinton wants illegal immigrants "collecting Social Security benefits."
Abortion is the second-most conducted surgical procedure in this country.
As Virginia's governor, Allen cut spending and waste with bipartisan support.
Says Sherwin-Williams is "making lead paint and poisoning people around the world."
I campaigned on (the proposals in the budget repair bill for Wisconsin) all throughout the election. Anybody who says they are shocked on this has been asleep for the past two years.
Over half of science, technology, engineering and mathematics students "receiving advanced degrees are not citizens of the United States of America."
We spent $3-million of your money to study the DNA of bears.
This (parent trigger) legislation was drafted by President Obama's top advisers. It was drafted by President Clinton's top advisers.
The Bush tax cuts "created about 8 million jobs over the first 10 years that they were in existence. We've lost about 5 million of those jobs during this recession."
Our larger domestic threat is from racial supremacist groups.
For [GM] to pay back everything it owes, it would have to sell its shares at $143 a share . . . where the highest value of a General Motors share ever was $43, $44, $46, whatever the dollars were . . .
We actually have not required in this law that you carry health insurance.
We have four combat-ready brigades out of 40 in the U.S. Army.
Says his views on reparations for slavery are the same as Barack Obama's and Hillary Clinton's.
Bill Nelson was the deciding vote on the health care law.
Under the clear letter of the law, (Justice Clarence Thomas) must recuse himself from the case challenging the constitutionality of the health care law.
President Obama's health care law is "a government takeover of healthcare."
Palin "fired Wasilla's Police Chief because he 'intimidated' her."
Says Donald Trump "has the second-highest disapproval ratings of anyone running for president."
Sherrod Brown opposed blocking a new EPA emissions rule, "despite acknowledging that the EPA's cap-and-trade regulations are ‘burdensome' and could harm economic growth in Ohio."
We spent twice as much per capita for health care in this country as the next closest nation.
There are only 18 minutes of total action in an average baseball game.
There isn't a single (Texas) legislator under the age of 30, even though millennials make up 25 percent of the electorate in Texas.
A third of all the young people in America are not in America today because of abortion, because one in three pregnancies end in abortion.
Nearly 14,000 Wisconsinites have lost their job since Governor Walker and the Republicans took over in January.
Common Core "is not from the federal government," they "do not have their fingerprints on this thing at all."
Says "tax revenues are the lowest they have been since World War II."
President Obama has raised taxes 19 times.
Gov. Lawton Chiles said "if I were to become ... become speaker of the House it would be (his) worst nightmare."
Before this day is out, 18 more veterans will have taken their own lives. That is the daily average, it is intolerable, and it has to stop.
Gas prices have doubled because "Obama opposed exploring for energy in Alaska. He gave millions of tax dollars to Solyndra, which then went bankrupt. And he blocked the Keystone pipeline. So we will all pay more at the pump."
One in three American women will have had an abortion by the time she reaches the age of 45.
This year, we're off to our best private-sector jobs growth since 1999.
Rick Scott vetoed funding for 30 Florida rape crisis centers. Scott said the centers weren't needed.
Documents released by Edward Snowden reveal that American, British and Israeli intelligence agencies worked together to create the Islamic State.
I never called for a partition of Iraq.
You can't bring an iPad or a piece of paper and a pencil in the (Wisconsin Assembly) gallery to take notes of what's going on, but "you can bring a gun up there."
America's hard-working agricultural producers … have taken a disproportionate hit when it comes to illegal retaliatory tariffs.
On oil drilling off Virginia's coast.
West Virginia "has the highest overdose rate per capita of any state in our nation."
It's hard to get people in Portland to vote yes on ballot measures, especially when there's opposition.
Tennessee's grocery tax is one of the highest in the nation.
The DNC hack showed you that the Clinton campaign was working to schedule (primary) debates against (Bernie) Sanders, and the Clinton campaign is continuing this "ploy" against Donald Trump.
Exit polls indicate that Democrats get over 70 percent of LGBT votes in federal elections.
Charlotte's anti-discrimination ordinance would have "opened all bathrooms to all sexes at all times" if it hadn't been overturned.
Since January 2010, New Jersey has added 103,000 new private sector jobs. The last two years -- 2011 and 2012 -- have been the best two years of private sector job growth since 1999.
U.S. taxpayers paid $71,500 per job created by the stimulus bill.
80 percent of the American people haven't gotten a pay raise since the crash.
When Rachel Zenzinger was on the Arvada City Council, she voted to spend taxpayer funds for a junket to China.
The Republican budget plan "says that 10 years from now, if you're a 65-year-old who's eligible for Medicare, you should have to pay nearly $6,400 more than you would today."
It doesn't make sense to me to send $1-billion a day out of our country. We can be energy independent and should be.
Says Wendy's founder "Dave Thomas left the state literally on his deathbed to avoid the estate tax."
Says President Donald Trump's travel ban could ban Somalis "from getting relief (from famine) through coming to the United States."
Art Robinson says "Social Security should be ended through attrition."
The United States has "the highest rate of childhood poverty of almost any major country on Earth."
Nearly 40 percent of his McAllen-area constituents suffer from obesity.
DEP has 2,812 employees, the lowest level since the mid-'80s.
Says "Georgia becomes first state to ban Muslim culture in historic move to restore Western values."
If Joe Manchin had his way, Judge Gorsuch never would have been able to get a vote.
Because of the health care act, "The people who have health care and like it in this county are not going to be able to keep what they have."
Says Rep. Michele Bachmann said President Barack Obama might be to blame for the Fort Hood shootings.
We are making the largest investment in education in our nation's history.
Broward County Sheriff fired for lying about Parkland.
The newly proposed House Republican budget "abolishes Medicare within 10 years."
A white family is likely to have about six times as much wealth than a black or Hispanic family coming out of the recession.
Says budget savings by reducing pay and benefits for federal employees total $103 billion over 10 years -- more than $50,000 per worker.
CNN shocks America, fires ‘journalist' who made fun of Sarah Sanders' face
Dan Patrick "changed his name from Danny Goeb to hide from" his "debts."
Right now, I'm polling at about 8 percent against Barack Obama and Mitt Romney.
We have asked public employees to pay 10 percent of the costs of their guaranteed pension and 15 percent of the cost of their health care. ... The leadership of those public employees unions don't want to pay anything.
Democrats' budget resolution would raise America's tax bill by "$500-billion."
In Florida, Sen. Bill Nelson ... got a $25 billion to $30 billion carve-out for Medicare Advantage patients in their state.
In two terms in the Missouri General Assembly, Jason Kander passed ZERO bills that were signed into law.
NFL attendance and ratings are WAY DOWN. Boring games yes, but many stay away because they love our country.
Says Marco Rubio is proposing a new $1 trillion "welfare program" in tax credits and "$1 trillion in new military spending."
On immigration reform, Marco Rubio "all along has been saying, 'We have to have border security first' " and then "he gets on Spanish TV, he ends up saying, 'No, no. That will never get in the way.' "
Water transportation is the most fuel efficient, least polluting, safest, and least expensive means of moving cargo.
President Obama, Sen. Harry Reid and Rep. Nancy Pelosi passed a "$1.2 trillion stimulus bill."
At the 50 Milwaukee schools serving "at least 80% African-American and at least 80% low income" students, the reading proficiency is 8%.
Says the federal government threatened to impose a no-fly zone in Texas if state legislators bar airport security officials from performing pat-downs.
Obama "said (the individual mandate) wasn't a tax."
More than 125 jobs have been created at the Milwaukee Job Corps Center.
Says Barack Obama "endorsed a total ban on the manufacture, sale and possession of all handguns."
Says Hillary Clinton "lied about why her parents named her Hillary."
Austin's the fastest-growing city in the country the last five years.
When Jim Doyle was governor and Mary Burke was commerce secretary, Wisconsin saw "billions in middle-class tax hikes on nursing home beds, gas, phones and garbage."
Health care reform will not affect veterans' benefits.
Governing magazine has "estimated that in the states that don't expand Medicaid, a minimum, they said of 40 percent of rural hospitals will close in those states..."
In February, John McCain "suggested" the Bergdahl-Taliban swap that he now calls "outrageous and dangerous."
The Pink Pony club in DeKalb County has never been cited for any violation of an ordinance or state law.
Rep. Paul Ryan's budget proposal cuts "nothing" from Medicare, Social Security or defense in the next two to three years, and "in three years, he does not cut one dime from the debt."
The Trump administration's policy of separating families is "the same way Barack Obama did it."
Texas has, now, the highest share of minimum-wage workers in the nation.
Says Newt Gingrich "has said that we should make the 11 million illegal workers that are in this country legal."
There aren't too many people outside protesting his speech at the Phoenix Convention Center.
Says "roughly two-thirds of (state) corporations didn't pay any income tax in Virginia."
Says former Sen. George Allen voted four times to raise his own pay.
Obama taps porn lawyer for #2 at Justice.
It's just crazy that the government will ... make it illegal to use the old [incandescent] bulbs.
Tim Kaine: "opposes everything President Trump does."
Dem-controlled Ohio House voted "to change the process, to create objective criteria, to modify the Constitution" ... to "take politics out of the efforts to draw legislative boundaries."
Chris "Sununu supported Obama's Common Core agenda, taking away local control of our schools."
Ed Schultz said Alan Grayson is "what it's all about."
Students at the University of Texas in Austin have been advised not to wear cowboy boots or cowboy hats on Halloween.
We balanced the budget with the 1997 Balanced Budget Act, and ultimately had four consecutive balanced budgets.
I cut spending while serving in the state Legislature
NAFTA, signed by Bill Clinton, has been a disaster for Pennsylvania.
By registration fewer than 20 percent of Florida voters are Independents.
Since Rick Perry became governor, "poverty rates in Texas increased from 15.1% to 17.5% — which is higher than the national average."
Oklahoma teachers "are the poorest paid teachers in the US, in a state that gives nearly $500 million in tax handouts to energy companies."
On deporting illegal immigrants.
We are almost halfway to our goal of 1,000 rapes prosecuted!
After Reagan took office, "we didn't raise taxes and we didn't cut entitlements. What we did was we cut taxes."
Says Richard Burr "was one of only three senators who voted against a ban on insider trading for members of Congress. And he called that vote brave."
The GOP budget plan "would cut nearly a million jobs."
The governor's budget proposal reduces the state austerity cut to education to under $500 million for 2016.
Of the 10,000 Rhode Island children in charter school lotteries for the fall, more than 70 percent are poor .... In addition, a majority of them are students of color.
Says Claire McCaskill "even said this about private planes, ‘that normal people can afford it.'"
Obama has asked for $932-million in earmarks, literally $1-million for every day that he's been in Congress.
As many as six federal department budget bills have been delayed because of opposition to amendments that would ban Confederate battle flag sales at federal building gift shops.
Collusion is not a crime.
Tina (Smith) profited from the opioid crisis. ​
Suzanne Bonamici was the only no vote on a 2009 bill cracking down on drunk drivers.
What I have put forward does not add a penny to the debt.
(Flint, Mich., is) paying three times more for poison water than I am paying in Burlington, Vt., for clean water.
First, he (Obama) opposed the surge. Then he confidently predicted that it would fail. Then he tried to prevent funding for the troops who carried out the surge.
There has not been a Democratic woman in Congress from New Jersey in almost four decades.
Nobody suffered any lasting injuries from the CIA interrogation program.
China has "not acted so well with our elections. They've tampered with our elections quite a bit."
In 2008, tourism brought in $38 billion dollars and supported more than 300,000 jobs in the state of New Jersey.
The federal tax code includes "deductions for birds flying across America."
President Barack Obama suggested on national TV that the Democratic health care bill "will have government decide" that a healthy, 100-year-old woman in need of a pacemaker "should take a pain pill" instead.
According to "independent experts," Donald Trump's tax plan "would blow up the debt by over $5 trillion and would in some instances disadvantage middle-class families compared to the wealthy."
On supporting winner of Democratic primary with her superdelegate vote.
In the first round of repayments from financial institutions that received TARP money, "the government has actually turned a profit."
On applying prosecutorial discretion to immigration cases.
Two-thirds of our economy is a consumer economy.
The Georgia Department of Economic Development assisted with the creation of 28,776 jobs, an increase of 29 percent from last fiscal year, and $5.97 billion in investments, a 32 percent increase.
Says Texas is 1st in business climate, 49th in education.
Farouk is on fire.
The No. 1 issue that the American people care about is getting America back to work.
When those restrictions expire (in the Iran nuclear deal), Iran will have an industrial-size military nuclear capability ready to go.
There were 36 states where Republicans who were in charge refused to implement a state (health insurance) exchange.
The impact of the 2010 federal health care legislation will be "huge" on Georgia.
Under the Hate Crimes bill, "any pastor, preacher, priest, rabbi or imam who gives a sermon out of their moral traditions about sexual practices could be found guilty of a federal crime."
Most of West Virginia is still owned, in excess of 90 percent, by out-of-state interests.
Oregon's budget has grown by 49 percent in just four years.
A miscarriage is considered an abortion.
The Georgia Secretary of State's Office and the Georgia State Elections Board investigate and penalize hundreds of people guilty of election fraud.
Obamacare-caused paperwork will annually absorb 190 million hours or more--and Mount Rushmore could be built 1,547 times over "with the paperwork."
Fewer black and Latino men participate in the labor force, compared to young white men.
Republican House candidate Marilinda Garcia "even opposes closing the loophole that allows dangerous criminals to get a gun without a background check."
McCain says the price of a gas tax "holiday" would be about the same as "a Bridge to Nowhere (or) another pork barrel project."
Says Gov. John Kasich incorrectly claimed Ohio's economy was 38th in the nation when he took office. "We were sixth in the nation in terms of economic job growth."
Says Gov. Andrew Cuomo is "stealing money from the MTA and sending it upstate for projects that have nothing to do with transit."
On gift taking, "Bob McDonnell took a fraction of what (Tim) Kaine took."
The Iran Deal will facilitate and accelerate the nation of Iran acquiring nuclear weapons.
Says the House Rules Committee is the only panel, other than the Intelligence and Ethics committees, not able to telecast proceedings in its main hearing room.
This is what President Obama said the jobless rate would be if we passed the stimulus: 5.6 percent.
David Beckham's soccer stadium would get a "special tax deal that lets them off the hook for $2 million in taxes every year for 30 years."
Says the Congressional Budget Office said "unemployment could top 9 percent in 2013"
Less than 2 percent of illegals are picking crops, but 41 percent are on welfare.
Says he would be first CPA to serve as Texas comptroller.
Despite touting the economic stimulus as a great triumph, "The very same report, however, notes that unemployment will average 10 percent for the rest of the year."
The average (public school) teacher in Wisconsin's making $89,000 a year in salary and benefits.
In Rhode Island, 9 percent of workers use the state's temporary disability insurance program each year while in New Jersey, the rate is only 3 percent.
I always supported civil unions.
It's been since 1888 that a Senate of a different party than the president in the White House confirmed a Supreme Court nominee.
Tony Evers says that tax dollars should pay for the abortions just like they pay for tonsillectomies.
In the past 20 years, Egypt has made "great strides" in political and democratic reform.
Says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker's budget "calls for raising property taxes by nearly $500 billion."
One estimate says there may be "three times as much oil in the United States as there is in Saudi Arabia."
Says Russian President Vladimir Putin got a standing ovation from the Duma after he gave a speech saying Muslims are "taking over" other countries but won't take over Russia.
Says the Tennessee Wildlife Resources Agency brought coyotes into the state "to try to keep the deer population down."
Says Marco Rubio said that "people who essentially don't agree with him, ought to leave the country, like Keith Olbermann."
The "six largest cities in Ohio all have higher rates of violence and crime than every major city along the U.S.-Mexico border."
As the number of vaccines administered to children has increased in the United States, so has the autism rate.
Says the Congressional Budget Office estimates a cap-and-trade program would cost the average family the equivalent of "a postage stamp a day."
Says about NSA data collection: "Every member in both parties who served on the Intelligence Committee voted in favor of this."
Lloyd Doggett "made millions off companies like Bank of America while they took taxpayer bailout money."
Says Jeanne Shaheen "got behind the idea of using the IRS to target American citizens for their political views."
Says if labor force participation rate were the same as when Barack Obama became president, unemployment would be 11 percent.
We have more natural gas in this country than Saudi Arabia has oil.
House Appropriations Chair David Obey's partial earmark ban wouldn't apply to 90% of earmarks.
Between the first and second quarters of 2018 — after the tax cuts were enacted — real wages fell by 1.8 percent.
We have had some significant accomplishments on a bipartisan basis.
In the recent House special election in Florida, Democrats "got outspent in a Republican district."
Singer Miley Cyrus: ‘Trump fans are destroying my career, I can't stand them and I decided to move to…'
Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed held not one conversation with the public about the new Falcons stadium project
The approval of the United States was 20 points higher when (Hillary Clinton) left the secretary of state's office than when she took it.
Florida taxpayers "pay tens of millions of dollars a year to feed and house in our prison system criminal illegal aliens."
Says Barack "Obama orders life-sized bronze statue of himself to be permanently installed in White House."
On calling Supreme Court nominee Sonia Sotomayor a racist.
Americans don't "care at all" about Donald Trump's tax returns.
Only five states, including Georgia, do not have a hate crimes law.
In May we generated more jobs than all the rest of the country combined: 28,000 jobs in May for the state, 54,000 for the entire country.
New Jersey alone, my home state, is facing a ten-and-a-half billion dollar shortfall in its 2012 fiscal budget. This means more cuts in state and local spending for education, which means our kids are hurt.
Thanks to the Trans-Pacific Partnership, "Vietnam is drafting and presenting unprecedented labor reforms, changing their Constitution to recognize worker organizations in Vietnam for the first time."
Obama "voted for and even sponsored amendments that were intended to kill the (immigration overhaul) legislation."
Says Sen. Rand Paul, R-Ky., has stated that supporting the "right to health care ... means you believe in slavery."
A recent drop in the unemployment rate is questionable because it was calculated "over two days of the Thanksgiving week."
Says Scott Walker supports "a health care plan that would gut protections for pre-existing conditions."
We enacted the biggest tax cuts and reforms in American history.
Right now, one third of all illegal aliens are going to California.
Twenty million Americans are "out of work."
Says Colorado congressional candidate Morgan Carroll "voted to allow welfare recipients to use your tax dollars at ATMs at strip clubs and pot dispensaries."
A proposed mine in Wisconsin is "about two-thirds the size of Lake Winnebago."
The annual cost of free tax credits alone paid to illegal immigrants quadrupled to $4.2 billion in 2011.
Collectively states are spending more on Medicaid than they do on K-12 education.
On repealing the 17th Amendment
Germany "is crime-riddled right now" because of migration to Europe.
Says Charlie Crist's campaign bashed Sen. Bill Nelson's "big-government solutions."
We are winning the popular vote.
Jeb Bush's plan for Social Security is "disastrous for seniors and raises the retirement age to 70."
Says Ruben Kihuen "only managed in the minority to get one bill passed out of the eight to 10 he introduced" during the 2015 legislative session.
Says Texas retained the right to have a navy when it joined the United States.
President Obama used his DACA order "to unilaterally confer U.S. citizenship."
In the Georgia-Russia conflict, "we flew a brigade of Georgian soldiers" from Iran to Georgia and "sent U.S. ships into the Black Sea and provided various kinds of supplies."
A million Democrats deserted (Howard Dean's) party and joined my party because of Donald Trump in Ohio this year.
Obama voted to raise taxes on people making just $42,000.
For every extra year that a girl stays in secondary school, her chance of getting infected with HIV/AIDS decreases by half.
While in the Illinois Senate, Barack Obama passed "tax cuts for hard-working families."
Says "Marco Rubio didn't show up" for a vote on his own bill on sanctions against Hezbollah.
Says Hillary Clinton "wants to increase Syrian refugees to this country by 550 percent."
You've got more people wanting to go moose hunting in New Hampshire than want Obamacare.
Sen. McCain's tax plan provides "virtually nothing to the middle class."
There are 100 members of the U.S. Senate. Fifty-seven of them, including Russ Feingold, are lawyers. There are zero manufacturers and one accountant.
Four years as a congressman, he [U.S. Rep. Hank Johnson] never talked about MARTA.
John McCain's top foreign policy adviser lobbied for... the Republic of Georgia, and McCain has mirrored the position advocated by the government.
mostly true
The United States has the highest incarceration rate in the world.
Says Democratic runoff opponent Grady Yarbrough twice previously ran statewide as a Republican.
With a stroke of a pen, the (U.S. Supreme Court) decided to overrule the 100-year-old ban on corporate expenditures.
Sotomayor has had her rulings thrown out by the court a troubling four times.
The Democrats' health care bills would end "the denial of ... coverage to those who have a pre-existing condition," while the Republican bill would not.
Illegal immigration costs our country more than $113 billion a year.
half true
Says U.S. Senate candidate Eric Hovde has ‘no problem with raising taxes.'
Says residents of Texas and San Antonio can be fired or denied jobs because they are gay.
About 750,000 people die in China each year from auto emissions.
It costs nearly five times as much in California to build and maintain a mile of road as it does in the rest of the nation.
I remain one of the poorer members of the United States Senate.
President Obama's own director of national intelligence, Admiral Blair, put it this way: 'High-value information came from interrogations in which those methods were used and provided a deeper understanding of the al-Qaida organization that was attacking this country.'
Kelly Ayotte "voted for a budget that had $90 billion of cuts to Pell Grants."
Eighty percent of Wall Street executives and their spouses' donations go to Democrats.
Clinton said "great things about NAFTA until she started running for president."
Says "Florida is a model" for successful pretrial release programs.
Bill Howell has been the consistent force behind every major tax increase in Virginia in the last decade.
Says Mitt Romney's carried interest income was a tax "trick."
Says in Texas "it's legal to shoot someone who's committing a ‘public nuisance' under the cover of dark."
A congressional laundry closed due to the partial government shutdown.
Says President Obama's deal "allows Iran to produce a nuclear weapon."
New carbon regulations will increase electric bills by "$17 billion every year" and "potentially put an average of 224,000 more people out of work every year."
Says Donald Trump has said "he would be neutral between Israel and its enemies."
Says Joe Biden said Jon Corzine is "the smartest guy that I know, in terms of the economy and on finance, I really mean this."
When (Joe Kyrillos) had an opportunity to vote for women in terms of their health care, not once, not twice, but six times, he voted against women's health care in our state.
Only 42 percent of young Georgians have a college certificate or degree, but soon 60 percent of jobs will require some college credential.
The unemployment rate for folks who've never gone to college is almost double what it is for those who have.
If you actually took the number of Muslims [sic] Americans, we'd be one of the largest Muslim countries in the world.
Says George LeMieux "even compared Marco Rubio to Barack Obama."
Medicare passed with virtually no Republican support.
Among the money spent on health care in the United States, "46 cents on every dollar spent is through Medicare and Medicaid."
We have seen hate crimes skyrocket in the wake of the immigration debate.
On the night of the Wisconsin state Senate vote on the budget package, "a mob showed up and busted down the door and took over the Capitol."
The steel industry is producing as much steel in the United States as it ever was. It's just (that) it needs one-tenth of the workers that it used to.
Wild Bill Hickok had his first duel in the town square here. And the family legend is that he is a distant cousin of mine.
Says president is ‘spending $2.2 billion to give away "ObamaPhones." '
Some doctors say Ebola can be transmitted through the air by "a sneeze or some cough."
The words "subhuman mongrel," which Ted Nugent called President Barack Obama, were used by the Nazis to "justify the genocide of the Jewish community."
Seventy percent of the people in the state of New Jersey want marriage equality.
Adding ethanol to gas "raises food costs."
National Geographic's photo of the year is a great white shark leaping out of the water.
Texas A&M University - Commerce "offers counseling, safe spaces for students who are afraid of President-elect Trump."
Says Donald Trump has "changed his mind" on abortion.
Says Hillary Clinton "supported North American Free Trade Agreement), and she supported China's entrance into the World Trade Organization…. She supported the job-killing trade deal with South Korea. She supported the Trans-Pacific Partnership."
In this city, there hasn't been a stadium that's lasted more than 27 years.
Taxpayer-funded benefits to illegals in California are "a skyrocketing cost under Obamacare."
In the Illinois Legislature, Barack Obama "voted 'present,' instead of yes or no" on seven votes involving abortion rights.
The CNBC debate was supposed to be three hours, and he "renegotiated it down to two hours."
Roy Barnes proclaimed Mexican workers good for Georgia.
Says Arabic "is the third most-common language in Austin."
The State of Texas does not even use the E-Verify system to determine if someone is legally in our country when they apply for a job.
Dan McCready "did admit he opposes middle class tax cuts."
Says Madison Mayor Paul Soglin's stated intent when proposing that city contractors disclose private political donations was to "discourage contributions to organizations with which he disagrees."
We're worse than a Third World country in terms of water quality and the way we treat our sewage.
Florida was the only state during my eight years to go from AA to AAA in its bond rating.
Says Betty Sutton and House Democrats "gutted" Medicare by $741 billion to pay for Obamacare.
McCain has switched to Obama's position on more troops to Afghanistan.
The Baucus health care bill "would drastically restrict the use of flexible spending accounts (FSAs) in order to help pay for health care reform."
While Hillary Clinton plans a massive, and I mean massive, tax increase, I have proposed the largest tax reduction of any candidate who has run for president this year, Democrat or Republican.
Rick Scott "increased tuition at our state colleges and universities by double digits."
Says Tom Hanks was photographed wearing a T-shirt with an anti-Trump message that begins, "I was going to be a Trump voter for Halloween but…"
Facts have come to light that indicate that a pivotal, close election was likely changed through voter fraud on November 8, 2016: New Hampshire's U.S. Senate Seat, and perhaps also New Hampshire's four Electoral College votes in the presidential election.
Obamacare "is not a popular law."
Says unemployment in Ohio "is significantly higher than the unemployment rate in states which are not forced union states and it's always been that way."
Thanks to President Bush's policies....The income gap is now higher than at any time since the Great Depression.
Says Bruce Braley took "tens of thousands from his friends in the health insurance industry" and gave them "special favors" by voting for Obamacare.
Approximately 43 percent of all college grades today are A's, an increase of 28 percentage points since 1960.
Says a bill he vetoed to give driver licenses to certain immigrants known as Dreamers would have changed "nothing."
In 2017, I've done 17 town halls.
Says President Barack Obama thinks Americans are lazy.
Says the Obama administration plans to ban all weapons for U.S. citizens through international treaties.
Says "Eric Holder and his group came in and made" the Wisconsin Supreme Court race "highly partisan."
It's bad enough that (Stephen) Silberkraus appeared in a sexual fetish film where women were kidnapped from their homes and forced to live naked in kennels and trained to be pets. But when Silberkraus isn't acting in films that degrade women, he's stalking them in his personal time.
Says the manager of a Checkers in Miami Gardens, Fla., killed 10 employees.
We've signed more bills -- and I'm talking about through the legislature -- than any president ever.
In Ohio, we invested in our children, raising school funding by 5.5 percent in the last budget.
Although California has "the sixth largest economy in the world, we also have one of the highest poverty rates" in the nation.
Lizbeth Benacquisto "broke election law 105 times, hiding special interest contributors."
Since he and Scott Walker took office in 2011, "60,000 new jobs have been created in this state -- 40,000 of them were created in Madison and the Madison area."
The Senate health care bill does not contain limits on medical malpractice lawsuits.
There never really was a 'Hastert Rule.' 
We're importing about 10 percent of our milk supply. We're America's Dairyland, but yet we don't have enough milk in this state to meet the demand for our cheesemakers.
Says New Jersey lost private-sector jobs between 2000 and 2009 because Democrats increased taxes, fees, regulations and state spending.
The Democrats propose "a government-controlled health care plan that will deprive roughly 120 million Americans of their current health care coverage."
It appears that the (Jacksonville) shooter was part of the Trump 'Resistance'.
Says she "stood up to" Gov. Scott Walker on tax cuts "for wealthy corporations" while her congressional opponent voted with Walker.
Says House Democrats "voted to use your tax dollars for abortions" by voting against bill defunding Planned Parenthood.
 'Denali' is the Kenyan word for 'black power.' 
Then-Sen. Barack Obama "refused to raise the debt ceiling because he said President Bush had failed in leadership."
Atlanta is the No. 1 trading point for sexual slavery in America. Between 100 and 200 girls are sold into slavery in Atlanta every month.
More than 80 percent of Americans believe we need to have universal background checks.
Says that, as a Supreme Court justice, Greg Abbott found that a company whose vacuum cleaners were sold door to door "had no responsibility" in the hiring of a salesman who raped a customer.
Because of the new health care law, "2.5 million young adults now have coverage."
[E]mployment in Gwinnett is up more than 3 percent over last year, and unemployment is the lowest of the five core metro counties.
McCain called for less regulation 21 times just this year.
Sherrod Brown was just voted two years in a row the most liberal senator in the United States of America and is more liberal than Sen. Bernie Sanders.
David Perdue led efforts to ship thousands of jobs overseas.
Says "Bob Casey voted in favor of deadly sanctuary cities that released thousands upon thousands of illegal alien criminals and vicious gang members to prey on Pennsylvania streets, to prey all over this country."
78702 is the second-most gentrified ZIP code in the entire country.
Atlanta Tea Party co-founder Debbie Dooley "wants gas taxes raised."
Says his plan would cut taxes without increasing the deficit.
Venezuela is a country whose defense budget is probably 1/600th of the United States.
There's pretty much no question that [the curfew ordinances] aren't effective in either reducing crime or preventing harm to young people.
The Employment Non-Discrimination Act "discriminates against Christian daycare, Christian parents, Christian business owners, and the rights of religious freedom."
We have the lowest beer tax in the nation.
Says "I've authored the first bipartisan tax reform bill in a quarter-century."
Says Obama puts "15 unelected, unaccountable bureaucrats in charge of Medicare, who are required to cut Medicare ... that will lead to denied care for current seniors."
McCain "said the other day that he would not meet potentially with the prime minister of Spain, because he . . . wasn't sure whether they were aligned with us."
My opponent in November of 2008 sent a missive to the White House, to President Obama-elect, and said, 'Here's how you need to sell cap-and-trade to the American people.' 
Outside of recall elections, "there's never been a public official removed from office" in Wisconsin "for anything but malfeasance in office."
It's against the law in Texas to let any loaded gun get in the hands of a child.
Migrant mother and ‘crying girl' on Time cover never separated.
November 2012 was "a record year of turnout. More people voted before Election Day using absentee ballots and voting early than ever before in our history."
A small majority of Americans don't think they like the Affordable Care Act, but a large majority of Americans don't want to do away with the protections that are in the Affordable Care Act.
Says Donald Trump "says he has foreign policy experience because he ran the Miss Universe pageant in Russia."
Says Newt Gingrich "supports amnesty for illegal immigrants."
George Soros was an SS officer.
Congress includes 36 people accused of spousal abuse, 84 arrested for drunk driving in the past year, 71 with terrible credit and more.
We're losing thousands of (veterans) waiting on line because they can't get speedy health care from the Veterans Administration.
The United States is "fighting with Iraqis to defeat ISIS along with Iran. But in Yemen we're fighting Iran with Iraqis and Saudis."
Says Minnesota has more Fortune 500 companies than Oregon and "one of the most obvious differences is they've invested in their schools."
Close to half of the children in California are "at or near poverty," when you consider cost-of-living.
Says Chris Christie created "this new category where you could get laid off and just be totally denied unemployment benefits forever."
Some Republican leaders in Congress are "pushing to make privatizing Social Security a key part of their legislative agenda if they win a majority in Congress this fall."
Amendments (Hillary Clinton) supported and voted for in 2006, she no longer supported in 2008, showing she changed positions on an India nuclear deal.
Ralph Hall has never voted to raise the debt ceiling.
In North Carolina, they used stimulus money to hire one new state worker. His job, apply for more stimulus funds from the taxpayers by the way of the federal government.
Washington State Legislature votes to change its name because George Washington owned Slaves.
Tea Party Congressman Frank Guinta voted for billions in cuts to veterans programs.
Obama said that "since 1992, the Republicans have had all the good ideas..."
Says John Boehner "admits 'we are not going to be any different than we've been' " by returning to "the same failed economic policies" that "wrecked our economy."
Putin issues international arrest warrant for Soros
Food stamp enrollment drops by four million in one month.
Regarding sexual assault against women, "It's actually safer not to be in college than it is to be in college."
President (Donald) Trump pardons Kim Davis.
The United States is "the only developed country in the world that has not cut its corporate tax rate."
29 mass shootings have been committed by concealed carriers since 2007, while during this period only one (1) licensed civilian meaningfully intervened in a mass shooting.
The University of Wisconsin System budget is the biggest it has ever been.
Says Hillary Clinton "savaged" the dignity of people who accused Bill Clinton of sexual harassment or assault "and shamed them."
Says "Bush Jr. handed Obama a $1.4 trillion deficit" and Obama "reduced Bush Jr.'s deficit to just $492 billion."
Since Obamacare became law, "most of our new jobs have been part-time jobs."
I waited until (the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade agreement) had actually been negotiated before deciding whether to endorse it.
Says Democratic recall opponent Tom Barrett is campaigning on "lifting property tax" limits.
A record number of Hispanics were elected to the U.S House of Representatives...
I have not changed my position on the (gay) marriage amendment or anything else related to marriage.
Tim Kaine doesn't want a border at all. He wants to get rid of Immigration and Customs Enforcement and basically the border patrol as well.
mostly true
Says "220,000 New Yorkers would have immediately benefitted had President Obama's executive action been affirmed. So almost a quarter million of our fellow New Yorkers who are hurting right now whose rights and opportunities were taken away by the Supreme Court."
Christian Pastor in Vermont Sentenced to One Year in Prison After Refusing to Marry Gay Couple
There is not a single candidate in the Republican primary that thinks we should do anything about climate change.
When I became president and CEO of Godfather's Pizza, it was supposed to go bankrupt . . . We turned it around with common-sense business principles.
Says Texas schools are ranked "43rd in the nation."
Sen. (Richard) Burr voted no on the Violence Against Women Act.
The health care bill "dumps 15 to 18 million low-income Americans into a Medicaid program that none of us want to be a part of because 50 percent of doctors won't see new patients."
Says Tri-Rail shows the potential problems with investing in high-speed rail.
John Boehner said the jobs of "teachers and nurses and police officers and firefighters" are "'government jobs' that weren't worth saving."
Cervical cancer in Africa is "fully preventable with basic education, screening and vaccines."
The authors of a report on CIA's torture techniques "never interviewed a single CIA official."
Florida's revenue "is growing at a faster rate than almost any state in the country."
Speaking of immigration cases, says, "We have thousands of judges."
Under Scott Walker, "average wages, when adjusted for inflation, are lower today than they were under Jim Doyle."
We've been down this road before—blanket protectionism is a big part of why America had a Great Depression.
On signing a no-tax pledge
Eighty-five percent of the states in the United States that had electrocution have now abolished it.
Says tax revenue was lower than expected in May and "that's basically a clear indication the governor's counselors are probably right -- that we are still not out of the woods yet."
Says the 2014-15 state budget "cut border security and funding to fight criminal gangs."
The health care reform plan being proposed in Congress would mean "big tax increases."
The fact is voter fraud is rampant.
When Social Security first started, there was 16 workers for every retiree. Today there are three workers for every retiree and soon there will be only two for every retiree.
Says that under the new healthcare law, full- and part-time workers will be required to buy insurance costing $375 to $1,000 a month, starting in 2014.
There's no such thing as a lone wolf. ... That was a phrase invented by the last administration to make Americans stupid.
When Mitt Romney was governor, Massachusetts lost 40,000 manufacturing jobs, a rate twice the national average, and fell to 47th in job creation, fourth from the bottom.
Says Donald Trump is "on record extensively supporting (the) intervention in Libya."
Half of all Americans have less than $10,000 in their savings account.
Stabilizing the recent financial crisis "will cost less than 1 percent of GDP," which is less than the 2.5 percent to fix the savings and loan crisis of the 1980s.
West has raised $2 million from those that would leave our beaches in ruins, end Social Security and Medicare, and give corporations free reign.
Under the "Cash for Clunkers" program, "all we've got to do is ... go to a local junkyard, all you've got to do is tow it to your house. And you're going to get $4,500."
Says Ronald Reagan "reversed his world's ‘largest tax cut' and raised taxes when revenues did not match the expectations."
Colorado saw "increased incidents of emergency room visits by young people" and "increased incidents of driving while under the influence of marijuana" following the legalization of recreational pot.
Barack Obama opposed a bill that would have saved Gianna Jessen's life.
Says Lamar Smith "sponsored the bill that funded Obamacare."
Iran's "regime is responsible for more than 1,000 American casualties during the Iraq war" and "has plotted a terrorist attack here in our nation's capital."
Says Richard Cordray's "plan would allow drug dealers to remain on our streets."
The things I said (during the prank call by a blogger posing as GOP contributor David Koch) are the things I've said publicly all along about the Wisconsin budget debate.
FACT: Repealing Obamacare would be easier than repealing Prohibition.
Race to the Top grants "require participating states to adopt the Common Core standards as a condition for receiving federal funding."
An image of nine white, blond women shows "the amazing diversity of Fox News anchors."
I started the whole year as a senior on the University of Illinois football team and "led the team in interceptions and tackles from defensive back."
Democrats have said that "even one hearing (on the stimulus bill) would be one too many, and that we have a single day to approve these five complex propositions that will affect the lives of millions."
In Texas, schools do not even have to teach sex education.
BREAKING: Queen Elizabeth II Dead At 94
Sen. Marco Rubio "refuses to accept the basic science" on climate change and is "a climate change denier."
The Wisconsin Retirement System for public employees is "a self-funded pension plan" and "it's the money of the workers' that funds it."
We have become an energy exporter for the first time ever just recently.
Says he's "never asked for more" than inflationary budget increases in his 10 budgets as Milwaukee County sheriff
We had a press conference here that interestingly no one in the mainstream media covered.
Say photographs of Hillary Clinton at the debate show what could be an earpiece.
There are over 700,000 Americans on some watch list or another that would all be captured in a Democratic amendment intended to stop suspected terrorists from buying guns.
Says "Kurt Russell supports Trump" by wearing a Trump T-shirt.
Blue Cross Blue Shield ended "2016 open enrollment with 1 million members in the Florida marketplace."
Says she does the jobs of state auditor, secretary of state and lieutenant governor "for less than the price of one of them" in Washington state.
Says Hillary Clinton was "let off the hook" for her email scandal while Gen. David Petraeus had his life "destroyed for doing far, far less."
The number of illegal immigrants "could be 3 million. It could be 30 million."
McCain is "selectively editing Joe Biden's words...Biden actually said about Barack Obama: 'They're gonna find out this guy's got steel in his spine.'"
The immigration proposal from the Gang of Eight "is not amnesty."
It's an absolute fact that China and North Korea "have consistently over many, many years" meddled in U.S. elections.
The Wisconsin Economic Development Corporation is a "proven job creator."
The founders of New Hampshire came up with the motto Live Free or Die.
Says Richard Cordray "secretly collected hundreds of millions of credit card accounts and mortgages. Worse, Cordray failed to protect our information. It was hacked over 200 times."
The barber regulation here in Missouri is 10,000 words long….the book of Revelation is (also) 10,000 words long.
Rhode Island has the second highest per enrollee (Medicaid) cost of any state in the country, which is 60 percent higher than the national average.
A study of where teachers apply to work found that "less than 5 percent wanted to work in rural Wisconsin."
Our economy is not growing.
Hostages were released as soon as Ronald Reagan took office because Iran perceived that America was "no longer under the command of someone weak."
Says Jeb Bush "not only opposes marriage equality, he's said he ‘personally' believes gay couples should be banned from adopting children."
The Obama administration "leaked information, deliberately or otherwise, that led to the identification of the Pakistani doctor that helped us in achieving our goals and killing bin Laden."
Says Alaska Sen. Mark Begich "is on record supporting a carbon tax, even pushing Harry Reid to make it a priority."
Democratic candidate Jeff Greene "ran for Congress as a California Republican."
President Obama is actually increasing Bush-era defense spending by $21 billion in the new fiscal year.
Says Joe Straus "was co-author of a bill that would have allowed Planned Parenthood to control public school sex education."
The public option is not funded with public money. It's funded with private insurance premiums.
The U.S. energy policy is to "borrow money from China to buy oil from countries that don't like us."
I was never against same-sex marriage.
Obama's Justice-designate Sotomayor threw out (the New Haven firefighters') lawsuit in a sneaky, unsigned opinion -- the judicial equivalent of 'talk to the hand.'
A government panel that didn't include cancer specialists says women shouldn't receive mammograms until age 50...If government takes over health care, recommendations like these could become the law for all kinds of diseases.
Senator Robert Hurt voted for a bill that's raised your electric rates seven times.
Kendrick Meek is the only candidate who has consistently been against expanded drilling.
Sheldon Whitehouse voted for a "$525-billion tax increase on the middle class."
Earth "has not warmed for the last 17 years."
Fifty percent of Americans will go hungry at some time in their lives.
Taxpayers pay for roughly 45 percent of all births in Wisconsin! And 60 percent of the births in Milwaukee!!!
Says he "has repeatedly praised Chuck Hagel's character, patriotism, bravery, and personal service defending our nation."
Said they reached a "power-sharing agreement" with Republican Lt. Gov. Casey Cagle
The number of jobs created and people lifted out of poverty during Bill Clinton's presidency was "a hundred times" what it was under President Ronald Reagan.
The federal Hate Crimes Prevention Act bill would create "special protection for pedophiles."
Says Mitt Romney belittled middle-class tax cuts "as nothing more than 'little Band-Aids.' "
Obama "wants a windfall profits tax on oil to go along with the new taxes he also plans for coal and natural gas."
Americans received the biggest tax cut in history last year.
The Republican plan for tax cuts is to give each millionaire -- the top 1 percent of income in this country -- $83,347 a year in tax cuts.
Says his Twitter account has 1.3 million followers.
Says the Feingold garage ad "is a fake: He's not standing in front of his house."
A majority of Americans still oppose this health care bill.
Says the U.S. federal income tax rate was 0 percent until 1913.
Says Keanu Reeves said, "For me, Trump is the symbol of a successful man and a role model for every young American, something that our nation was looking for for year. I don't think that America will again have a leader like him."
The 2009-11 state budget that Democrats approved left Wisconsin taxpayers $3.6 billion in debt.
On raising taxes.
Latina who enthusiastically supported Donald Trump on stage in Las Vegas in October 2015 has been deported.
The U.S. has to go to "plane graveyards" and museums to get parts for its 20-year-old jet fighters while it sells new jets to other countries.
Marco Rubio "wants to raise the Social Security retirement age," and "cut benefits."
The unemployment rate among (the) non-college-educated is well into the double digits in America. It's 4 percent or 5 percent for people who have college degrees.
By voting to approve [Question 1], we can . . . save 900 jobs at Twin River.
Says in "our region," 2011 was worst drought year ever recorded.
Says Rand Paul thinks drug-dealing, theft, burglary and prostitution should be decriminalized.
Orrin Hatch co-sponsored a 1993 health care bill that had an individual mandate.
Since 1988, Congress has raised its own salary 15 times 'to reflect rising costs.' But raised the minimum wage only three times.
Says "22 to 24 people" came into the United States due to family connection with suspect in the October 2017 New York City terror attack.
Says he was the first local official to endorse Barack Obama
Says Donald Trump is for a single-payer health care system.
Says Christine Blasey Ford and her lawyer were photographed with George Soros, Hillary Clinton.
Says Marco Rubio "said Social Security and Medicare have ‘weakened us as a people.' "
President Obama's "budget would call for about $25 trillion in debt by the end of his term, if he was re-elected."
My two appointments to the Florida Supreme Court, Raul Cantero and Kenneth Bell, have earned reputations as its most consistent conservatives.
Says Wisconsin "hadn't been won by a Republican since Dwight D. Eisenhower, in 1952. And I won Wisconsin. … Ronald Reagan, remember, Wisconsin was the state that Ronald Reagan did not win."
Says Craig Huey called Planned Parenthood a "murder mill."
Says Tony Evers "allowed a middle-school teacher found guilty of spreading pornographic material at school to keep teaching students."
We know that more than half of Hillary Clinton's meetings while she was secretary of state were given to major contributors to the Clinton Foundation.
Says the individual mandate is "highly unpopular."
Says most states, but not Texas, permit jurors to ask questions of witnesses in trials.
Obamacare has led to fewer health insurance options for millions of Americans.
I said two years ago that the Fannie and Freddie thing was a very serious problem and we had to work on it.
Says President Barack Obama made "unilateral changes" to Obamacare "38 times."
Recent international reports show the United States near the bottom among industrialized nations for k-12 academic achievement.
Ronald Reagan raised the national debt 18 times.
Democrats are poised now to cause this largest tax increase in U.S. history.
Horse racing could boost Georgia's economy by $1 billion a year and create 10,000 to 20,000 jobs.
The majority of teams (are) now spending their dollars on the offensive side of the football.
Says Hillary Clinton called Barack Obama "naive" for saying he was would "sit down and talk to the Iranians" during the 2008 Democratic primary.
A hidden provision in Obamacare taxes sporting goods as medical devices.
The vast majority of people in this country are keeping their (health insurance) plan.
Since 2000, only 10 cases of in-person voter fraud have been proven nationally.
Obamacare is "one big fat VA system."
I was the first member of Congress to call him (Barack Obama) a socialist...
(Paul Ryan) has actually proposed three — total, three — bills that have become law in his entire career dating back to 1999.
A 50-50 public-private split for paying for a new Milwaukee Bucks arena would "be much better -- in terms of the portion of the public financing -- than most of the other arena projects done around the country."
Says State Comptroller Matthew Boxer "pointed out that many towns are artificially lowering the real estate values that they report to Trenton" in order to "get hundreds of millions of dollars of additional school aid. This is the kind of fraud that needs to be addressed immediately."
He's (Romney) the one who said that he would be to the left of Teddy Kennedy on gay rights.
Dodd brought both parties together to pass the Family and Medical Leave Act.
We rank below Ethiopia, I'm told, in terms of our exports per capita, well below any of the other developed countries we trade with, and well below China and (South) Korea.
The Earth is 6,000 years old, that's a fact.
Trey Gowdy is the new director of the FBI!
Intensifying Hurricane Willa headed directly toward 10,000 migrant caravan path.
Says the fluoride Austin is putting in its drinking water is "toxic waste."
The average American family saw income rise $7,500 under Bill Clinton and decline $2,000 under George Bush.
I have the experience as Senate Budget Chair of cutting $4.5 billion in spending -- to close the deficit while protecting education and health care.
We have less crime in the (Rio Grande) Valley than we do in other major Texas cities.
Demand for transportation choice is on the rise, with 14 percent more Ohioans riding passenger trains over the past year.
Forty percent of union members voted Republican in 2008.
Because of Jim Whelan, "the 1990s are the only decade since the 1920s when the population of Atlantic City actually went up."
Under Ted Cruz's tax plan, "businesses will now have to pay 16 percent on the money they make. They will also have to pay 16 percent on the money they pay their employees."
Says enrolling a student in a subsidized lunch program triggers an "at risk" designation, resulting in an extra $6,000 to $7,000 of state school aid per student.
Barack Obama wants to "unilaterally disarm our nation."
The gender gap in his support is "not unique to me" and "there's not a huge gap from where Republicans have been in presidential, gubernatorial and US Senate elections" in recent years.
Fifty percent of the graduating class of the year 2012 will have smoked marijuana or have done illegal drugs.
Sen. Barbara Boxer "voted against immigration reform to permit (Hispanic immigrants) people to come here legally to work."
The auto companies have now repaid taxpayers every dime and more of what my administration invested in.
Says "2 moms, 5 kids killed in car crash" in a nearby county.
Our National Guard, as we saw in the Midwest flooding, can't function as effectively as it could. I was talking to National Guard representatives. Fifteen of their 17 helicopters in this region were overseas during the flooding.
When asked by a reporter whether he's at the center of a "criminal scheme" to violate campaign laws, Gov. Scott Walker nodded yes.
Neighbors of the San Bernardino shooters "knew that they were talking about trying to take our country and attack it."
Says Sen. Joe Donnelly's "family got caught outsourcing jobs to Mexico, and ‘Mexico Joe' profited up to $80,000."
While the country's economy was battered, nine states with no income tax actually grew jobs from 2001 to 2010.
I was fighting against those (Republican) ideas when you were practicing law and representing your contributor, Rezko, in his slum landlord business in inner city Chicago.
The Wisconsin law repealed by Republicans, which allowed discriminated workers to sue in state court, "was kind of a gravy train" for lawyers.
General Flynn got his clearance from the Obama administration.
Says only seven percent of 2009's stimulus bill went toward transportation projects, yet they created over one-third of the bill's total jobs.
Says his plan to end the toll on Ga. 400 fulfills his campaign promise to commuters.
Most Americans are ready to put it [marijuana prohibition] behind us and move on.
Sherrod Brown "sent billions of our tax dollars to foreign countries."
Interior deportations under Obama were down 40 percent and at a nine-year low.
On a single-payer health care system.
half true
Says 2012 was the "first year in American history that more minorities are being born than people in the majority."
We're above 800 million Muslims radicalized, more than half the Muslims on Earth That's not a minority. That's now a majority.
[Former Georgia congressman] Bob Barr voted ... to raise his own pay.
We have one of the most expensive General Assemblies, per capita, in the entire country.
An "abortion procedure is actually safer than a vasectomy."
Veterans can now download their electronic medical records with a click of the mouse.
Ronald Reagan was a verified Democrat until his mid-50s.
Many of the alarmists on global warming, they've got a problem because the science doesn't back them up. In particular, satellite data demonstrate for the last 17 years, there's been zero warming.
Under President Barack Obama's leadership, "since June 2009, (the auto) industry has added a quarter of a million jobs."
Canada charges the U.S. a 270% tariff on Dairy Products! They didn't tell you that, did they? Not fair to our farmers!
Since President Obama took full control of Washington … every single day, more than 1,500 of our jobs have been lost.
A recent spending bill had at least "$1.6 billion in there ... for schools to give them an opportunity to secure them."
There are a lot of private charters. And in fact, (Tony Evers) sought and received the largest charter school grant in the country from the Trump-DeVos administration to start new charter schools in Wisconsin.
The study that states that more than 70 percent of the traffic on the Sellwood Bridge is to/from Clackamas County has been thoroughly debunked by The Oregonian.
Says U.S. Sen Sherrod Brown "promised that the first stimulus bill would fund the Brent Spence Bridge."
Under Republicans, recessions happen four times as frequently as under Democrats.
For the first time in over 40 years, Republicans don't hold a single statewide office in Virginia.
Georgia mosque keeps Hurricane Harvey donations, will send to Syrian refugees instead
Medicaid is the primary source of health insurance for 41.7 percent of Hispanic children in Georgia.
Says former Miami-Dade Mayor Carlos Alvarez and current mayoral candidate Carlos Gimenez both drove fancy European cars at taxpayer expense.
Milwaukee County government employees pay "much more" for their health care than City of Milwaukee or State of Wisconsin employees.
California Gov. Jerry Brown has proposed "diverting 30 percent of the funding" from the state's gas tax increase "to non-road related projects like building parks and job training for felons."
I was the most bipartisan senator in the United States Senate.
A new federal program provides subsidized "Obama phones" with 70 free minutes of cell phone service every month.
Says Arizona, Missouri and Texas residents have a two-pet limit, so the public must "surrender their third pet to the Humane Society."
Ashley Moody was a lifelong Democrat. ​
The 9/11 terrorists' friends, family, girlfriends in the United States "were sent back for the most part to Saudi Arabia. They knew what was going on. They went home, and they wanted to watch their boyfriends on television."
The Koch network (is) spending more money (in a Senate race) in Ohio than anywhere else in the country.
Only half of the murders in the city of St. Louis get solved.
Links jailed lobbyist Jack Abramoff to Rep. C.W. Bill Young.
Republican leadership took the lead confirming Loretta Lynch as attorney general.
Democrats are nowhere to be found on DACA.
[The state ethics commission] took absolutely the same percent of cuts as most other state agencies. … They were somewhere in the 7 percent range – same as the governor's office.
Some even advocate wiping out 401(k)s entirely and replacing them with government-run accounts.
Says Obama adviser David Plouffe took "large piles of cash" from a joint venture partner of a company owned by Iran's Revolutionary Guard.
North Korea's missiles are "not going to have a capability to reach the United States anytime real soon."
I don't think it's been proven that the game of football causes CTE.
On his support for Donald Trump.
The fact that one town has three lanes dedicated to it, that kind of gets me sauced.
The IRS is going to be "in charge" of "a huge national database" on health care that will include Americans' "personal, intimate, most close-to-the-vest-secrets."
We cut our deficits by more than half.
I am going to be on the ballot in all 50 states. There is no other third-party candidate that's going to come close to achieving that.
Fox News "said the New Black Panther Party decided the election for Barack Obama."
Says Clint Eastwood said "one day we will realize that the Barack Obama presidency was the biggest fraud ever perpetrated on the American people." ​
We lock up close to 2.4 million people in this country. We're locking up more people than China and Russia.
McCain's energy plan is a "single-answer proposition" — new domestic oil drilling.
There are no rules governing the 2016 Republican convention, "the rules have not been set."
The House Republican health care "plan doesn't get rid of Medicaid expansion."
Fifty seats have already changed hands from the Republicans to the Democrats since Donald Trump was elected.
Says the paperback edition of Mitt Romney's book deleted line that Massachusetts' individual mandate "should be the model for the country"
The Obama administration ... would impose on every Catholic institution, every Jewish institution, every Protestant institution the Obamacare standard of what you have to buy as insurance.
We (Trump University) have an ‘A' from the Better Business Bureau.
Says Mitt Romney said "we are going to have to live with high gas prices, it's a good thing because it will reduce consumption, we don't want to produce any more gasoline."
The size of our federal government has more than doubled since the year 2000.
Says the state tax burden per citizen in New York is twice as high as in Florida.
Of $60 billion Congress approved in response to Hurricane Sandy, "only 10 percent was for disaster relief."
false
Crime is down in Arizona.
On running a "civil and polite" campaign.
Breaking: four million Democrat votes just declared fraudulent.
California is 41st in the nation in per pupil K-12 spending, but "No. 1 in per prisoner" spending.
Senator Menendez said he would spend our money wisely. But our annual national deficit climbed from $250 billion a year to $1.6 trillion on his watch.
Says she helped lead the launch of curbside recycling.
Last year, we had zero percent growth in GDP in Virginia ...The only states that did worse than us were Alaska and Mississippi.
Says Vicks VapoRub caused a child's death.
Mike Morell testified and told Congress that the reason Obama has not bombed ISIS' oil fields is they're concerned about global warming.
mostly false
Studies have shown Latinos are more than 40 percent less likely to call 911 when they have been a victim of a crime.
Rhode Island gives undocumented pregnant women health insurance, plus a cash card "with $400 a month on it" and "$250 a month or $275 a month to spend on food."
Says his elections proposal would allow "a potential of 168 hours (of early voting), which I think is the most we've ever had."
Says this month's special session will cost the state $27,300 a day just for legislators' daily living expenses.
On HealthCare.Gov, Texan Mark Sullivan "found a good" health insurance "plan that includes dental, for less than $80 a month."
Wisconsin lost more jobs over the past 12 months than any other state.
At present spending levels, only citizens of New York have a greater local debt burden than Texans.
Says Bernie Sanders advocated putting "Iranian troops into Syria to try and resolve the conflict there. Putting them right on the doorstep of Israel."
In her short time in the United States Senate, the senator from New York, Senator Clinton, got $500-million worth of pork barrel projects.
In the mid 1990s, in our state, (Florida was) No. 1 in violent crime in America. ... The only concern I had was for the citizens of Florida, who were subjected to a violent crime every three minutes and 45 seconds.
Says "if current trends continue, by 2040, one out of three Texas workers will not have a high school diploma."
Under former President George W. Bush's administration "while the population in that period grew by 10 percent, the number of jobs in the nation grew by 1 percent."
The most likely triggering cause of (microcephaly) is the "DTaP shot, a vaccine that had been recently mandated by the Brazilian government to be injected into pregnant women."
If we pass immigration reform, it will make wages go up on average $250 for the average household.
Of those 850,000 (new Texas) jobs, most were public-sector jobs and minimum-wage jobs.
Since 2008, U.S. crude oil output has increased by over 80 percent, an increase of over 4 million barrels a day. That is the fastest increase in U.S. history.
Says "Obama wants to give (Iran) nuclear weapons and Michael Bennet, he was all for it."
Debbie Jackow "unlike her opponent ... WILL NOT de-fund the 20/20 land program."
We are spending more on affordable housing than we're spending on Dix Park right now.
Barack Obama is the "First President to terminate America's ability to put a man in space."
The default rate for college students has grown from 40 percent 10 years ago to about 50 percent today, and "perhaps as many as 800,000 young Ohioans are facing default on their student loans."
Under the plan, for the first five years your employer not only has to keep the coverage, but you can't migrate to the public plan.
Ohio companies export more goods and services globally than 41 other states.
The financial services bill will end "too-big-to-fail."
People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals estimates 200 animals will be spared annually as the result of former President Bill Clinton adopting a vegan diet.
Greenlight Pinellas "won't take existing lanes from other vehicles."
The war spending bill "actually spends more money on the International Monetary Fund than on the war."
Says student loan interest rates will double from 3.4 percent to 6.8 percent July 1.
Say "Dunkin' Donuts is providing a free Ḍozen Doughnut Box to everyone! to celebrate 68th Anniversary!"
I have a very conservative voting record.
In Florida "we have 75,000 on (a) waiting list for child care and 23,000 on waiting lists" for community care for the elderly.
The percentage of black children born without a father in the home has risen from 7 percent in 1964 to 73 percent today, due to changes from President Lyndon Johnson's Great Society.
Says Leah Vukmir "claimed the open records law didn't apply to her, got sued, lost and cost taxpayers $15,000 in legal fees."
The Legislative Ethics Commission continues to function.
I made a bunch of these promises during the campaign. ... We've got about 60 percent done in three years.
The federal government has not engaged in (border security) at all.
Says Paul Ryan said that 22 million Americans "choose to be poor, so it's their own problem if they can't afford to be healthy."
Says "Tom Barrett supports a government takeover of our health care"
Says the "number-one source" of illegal immigration "is people legally coming to the United States on a tourist visa or a student visa and then disappearing into the population and never being heard from again."
Some of the men serving in the (Afghan) armed forces have never driven a vehicle before.
Hillary's baby bond proposal would give $5,000 to each of the 4-million babies born in the U.S. each year, totaling $20-billion per year, multiplied by four years = $80-billion.
Says the federal government "tells health insurance companies how much money they're allowed to keep of what they receive in revenues -- 15 percent."
Drone technology now allows an individual to be recorded in their homes by drones as small as birds and immediately uploaded to the internet.
Says Gov. Rick Scott lost Florida 331,247 jobs.
false
Trey Gowdy breaks his silence after 2 of his investigators are found tortured and killed.
Because of union rules, cooks helpers moved into DMV jobs they were not trained for
About 78 to 81 House Democrats "are members of the Communist Party. ... It's called the Congressional Progressive Caucus."
Republicans "went out of the way to praise (Eric) Holder's nomination. ... Not a single Republican senator opposed Eric Holder's nomination."
I do provide universal health care.
This administration and this Congress have been systematically cutting funding to border security since the Democrats took control.
Says of flood of non-Mexicans being apprehended at the border: "These are people that are coming from states like Syria that have substantial connections back to terrorist regimes and terrorist operations."
The #irandeal ultimately would have guaranteed Iran a nuclear bomb capable of reaching the US.
Says Eric Trump said, "My father's tax return is irrelevant because we're going to cancel taxes for WEALTHY people anyway."
Said Republicans made historic gains in state legislatures during last month's election
President Barack Obama (is) the first president in history to cut Medicare by $700 billion.
Says Hillary Clinton "insists that when the progressive agenda encounters religious beliefs to the contrary, those beliefs ‘have to be changed.' "
On the Arizona immigration law.
Obama Declares November National Muslim Appreciation Month.
California's single-payer healthcare proposal would "force seniors off of Medicare."
In 2007, "the top 1 percent of all income earners in the United States made 23.5 percent of all income," which is "more than the entire bottom 50 percent."
According to a government supplier of emergency products, the Disaster Assistance Response Team was told to be prepared to be activated in the month of October for an outbreak of Ebola.
On repeal of Wisconsin's smoking ban
The Internal Revenue Service spent $60,000 on a "Star Trek" training video.
I was speaking out on pension reform almost 17 years ago.
Rand Paul's speech ... on 'Gattaca' was totally ripped off of Wikipedia.
Says she balanced a $10 billion budget shortfall without raising taxes.
We have a tax code that allows groups to use their political operations within the tax code, under the guise of a charity, to use undisclosed millions of dollars to do political campaigns.
Says former President Barack Obama's Supreme Court nominations "required 60 votes."
Since 1999, all Virginia Lottery profits have been used for public education in the Commonwealth for kindergarten through 12th grade.
The 2011 Rebuild America Jobs Act "would have cost the average American family $1,000 a year while making no significant impact to fix our infrastructure and roads."
The country's bankrupt.
Travis County is "surrounded by red counties."
In South Florida, "we've had nine inches of sea-level rise since the 1920s."
Wages adjusted for inflation haven't risen since the turn of the last century.
Breaking: FBI just raided the White House, 6 people thrown out.
I am every year the No.1 pick of all of the law enforcement agencies within Texas.
Health insurance costs for Floridians are up 30 percent or more.
Romney failed to take action against "sanctuary cities" in Massachusetts.
Almost 95 percent of all (Planned Parenthood) pregnancy services were abortions.
Says his comment about extremists being a JV team "wasn't specifically referring to" Islamic State.
National studies are already showing the negative effects that the health care law is having on businesses and our economy. Businesses across the country are raising their prices … (or) cutting jobs as a result of the added cost.
Says her accomplishments include "a fiscally responsible budget agreement that controls state spending."
13 percent of Americans, the lowest ever, are without health care.
Says Delta Air Lines has "once again broken a promise they made to me and to the people of Memphis."
There is a very identifiable Somali community back home in Delaware.
For every single illegal immigrant family in this country, it costs $20,000 — it costs us $20,000; $20,000 in infrastructural costs. They pay about $10,000 in taxes.
We created a flat tax in the state of Utah.
We [the city of Atlanta] are overbuilt on housing.
Says Barack Obama "has deported more people than any other president in this country's history."
Says Peter Kilmartin has "only three years experience in his own law practice."
An estimated 56 million Americans don't have bank accounts.
Says Donald Trump and Ron Johnson "oppose a woman's right to choose and Johnson voted against the Violence Against Women Act."
On Abigail Spanberger: "She got $2.2 million from ActBlue...That is the George Soros resistance group."
A waiver in the American Health Care Act "doesn't apply to things like maternity coverage."
Says Hillary Clinton will receive her "congressional salary until she dies" and the Secret Service pays her mortgage.
Austin is number one in Texas in startups, venture capital and patents.
“Illegal immigrants currently occupy 8 million jobs.”
Says President Barack Obama wants to raise "the lowest (income) tax rate from 10 to 15 percent."
America owns 3 percent of the world's oil but consumes 25 percent of its global reserves.
Says Donald Trump hired illegal workers "from Poland and he had to pay a million dollars or so in a judgment."
The U.S. Supreme Court decided in 1982 that non-citizen children must get free K-12 education.
Leticia Van de Putte "voted to stop schools from removing teachers convicted of a felony."
Says that in the Philippines more than a century ago, Gen. John Pershing "took 50 bullets, and he dipped them in pigs' blood," and shot 49 Muslim rebels. "The 50th person, he said, ‘You go back to your people, and you tell them what happened.' And for 25 years, there wasn't a problem."
The waiting list for Pre-K is over in the House budget.
Mitt Romney: ‘Trump has some very serious emotional problems, he must resign before we…'
Sens. Mark Warner and Tim Kaine voted "to let the U.N. take OUR guns."
Says Texas proved in court that more than 200 dead people voted in the latest Texas election.
Says "Paul Ryan supports banning all abortions, even in cases of rape or incest."
One industry in America has increased its employment base in the last four years by 176,000 people: the United States government.
Says he presented "a balanced budget."
We just had the best year for the auto industry in America in history.
Planned Parenthood is the biggest abortion provider in the country.
NFL players taking a knee during the national anthem is "against the law."
California taxes are "among the highest in the nation."
Says President Barack Obama is "not paying women equally by his own measures in his own White House."
During his 18-year Senate career, (Russ Feingold) supported judges who voted to deny your individual Second Amendment right. … (He) promises to protect those rights, but that's not what his record shows.
The American healthcare system burns 18 percent of our national GDP. Nobody else is close.
Rick Scott "invested $38 million in the Port of Jacksonville's vital Mile Point Project," which "covered missing federal funds for the project."
Here's the fact: The No. 1 source of income into Mexico are Mexicans working here and sending the money back.
In 40 years, 23,000 chemicals came on the market and only four were regulated.
We only have 2 percent of the oil reserves in the world, and we consume 25 percent of the world's oil on a daily basis.
Says Ted Cruz said: "While there may have been an age difference, Josh Duggar's transgressions are far less an affront to God than what gays do to each other."
On expanding offshore oil drilling
The Republican leader of the Senate said his main goal after this election is simply to win the next one.
Says the Club for Growth tries to defeat Republicans, and that its president called Nancy Pelosi "the person I respect the most in Washington."
Hitler didn't want unions. Stalin didn't want unions. Mubarak didn't want independent unions. These autocrats in history don't want independent unions.
Says the State Department spent $630,000 to get 2 million Facebook "Likes."
Two million federal workers negotiate zippo, zero. There is no collective bargaining for federal employees.
Says Donald Trump's executive order "doesn't address the over 2,000 children who are already separated from their parents, and it doesn't change the fact that we would be jailing children with their families."
Obamacare "will provide insurance to all non-U.S. residents, even if they are here illegally."
They were going to build the wall a while ago, not so long ago, like in '06. And they couldn't get environmental impact statements.
The Children's Defense Fund rated McCain as the worst senator in Congress for children.
A report in Navy Times said that 7.3 percent of Army, Navy and Marines have thought about attempting suicide.
Tells David Cicilline, "94 percent of the carbon emissions which you so want to get rid of are caused by nature."
The "U.S. has the highest unintended pregnancy rate of any Western industrialized country."
In 31 states, decent child care costs more than college tuition.
The Providence teacher contract "is one of the longest in the country."
I represent the fourth-poorest (congressional) district in the nation.
Since Republicans took over after the 2010 election, "the graduation rate in Wisconsin has gone from 86 percent to 88 percent. The black graduation rate has gone from 60 percent to 65 percent. The Latino graduation rate has gone from 65 percent to 71 percent."
We saw the president of the United States engage American troops in a fourth conflict in a foreign land. This is historic.
Every illegal immigrant "can be eligible for up to $36,000 to $38,000 in earned income tax credits without paying a dime in."
Says Kay Bailey Hutchison voted for sanctuary cities.
Chris Coons has "Marxist beliefs."
Poverty in WV is more than 5% higher than the national average.
Half of the proposed federal tax breaks ​"would go to the wealthiest 1 percent."
A single immigrant can bring in unlimited numbers of distant relatives.
At (Mike Braun's) company, the deductible on his health care is $10,000.
If you "already have health insurance through your job, or Medicare, or Medicaid, or the VA, nothing in this plan will require you or your employer to change the coverage or the doctor you have."
California's Proposition 63 would "CRIMINALIZE the sharing of ammunition between friends who may be hunting or shooting together."
Says legislative debate of airport pat-down procedures initiated federal changes in security procedures.
In Texas, there are 668 Democratic Hispanic elected officials to the 60 in the Republican Party.
Carbon dioxide is not "a primary contributor to the global warming that we see."
North Dakota's economy is reeling.
Says he "started" the Pacur plastics manufacturing company he owns.
Virginia now is the number one exporter of (agricultural) products to Cuba. We have now jumped to number one.
I've got five years of experience as a national security staffer in the U.S. Congress.
Vermont had to "scrap" its single-payer health insurance program because it was "going bankrupt."
Says Alaska Sen. Mark Begich supported President Barack Obama's economic policies "97 percent of the time."
The Hispanic population in Gwinnett and Henry counties has increased by 153 percent and 339 percent, respectively, since 2000 while Republican presidential candidates are getting a smaller percentage of the vote in those counties.
Says the state's Medicaid waiver proposal "has languished in a file cabinet at the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services for more than two years."
A state bill would end a longstanding requirement that local governments repair highways and sidewalks -- and block injured citizens from suing over neglected maintenance.
BREAKING: Trump Just Ended Welfare For One HUGE Group For 5 Years!
Rubio admitted he "would have accepted the stimulus money."
After the minimum wage for tipped workers was raised in Maine, the state "reversed that decision due to restaurant employees organizing en masse against the measure."
Says of the diversity visa lottery program, "they give us their worst people, they put them in a bin," and "the worst of the worst" are selected.
The new Hartsfield-Jackson international terminal was "on time and on budget."
Says according to recent polls, no Republican candidate "is doing better against Hillary Clinton than myself."
For years, they have not been able to get tax cuts -- many, many years, since Reagan.
Malia Obama expelled from Harvard.
The Trump campaign "didn't know" that Natalia Veselnitskaya "was a representative of the Russian government. ... I don't even know if they knew she was Russian at the time."
If you were a Muslim, you could come in, if you were a Christian, it was impossible.
Obamacare could cause 20 million people to lose their current coverage.
You can buy lobster with food stamps.
Says Damascus' disincorporation would produce "NO significant tax savings."
Bill McCollum voted four times to raise his own pay, by a total of $51,000, and earns a congressional pension worth more than $75,000 a year.
There have not been any public safety issues in cities that allow transgender people to use the bathroom of the gender they identify as.
The $5 billion website for Obamacare … never worked. Still doesn't work.
Even hunters are restricted from using large capacity magazines: there is a five cartridge limit for large game hunting, and three for bird hunting.
Black people kill more black people every six months than the KKK did in 86 years.
The prosecutor who brought the indictment of Texas Gov. Rick Perry "has ties to Obama. He has ties to the Democrats."
Democrats "setup" and "manipulated" the political violence in Charlottesville
Since February 2009, our economy has lost roughly 3 million private sector jobs while the federal government has grown by more than 400,000 jobs.
I was banned from talking about Bill Ayers during the 2008 presidential campaign.
Says "Patrick Murphy's ‘Pay More' energy agenda means you could pay another $500 a year for your utility bills!"
I'm the only candidate in the Democratic primary, or actually on either side, who Wall Street financiers and hedge fund managers are actually running ads against.
Rick Scott says he supported in-state tuition for Dreamers while Charlie Crist was against it.
Says "for the first time ever," Texas lawmakers are not funding student population growth.
In the last couple of days, notices were sent (by officials in Ukraine) to Jews in one city indicating that they had to identify themselves as Jews.
I'm the first person who really took up the issue of the war. Four years ago I said that there was no proof that Iraq had weapons of mass destruction, and, actually... did an analysis which disproved the cause for the war.
As Florida's CFO, I shut down Krakow's scam and refunded more than $1.2 million to Josephine and other victims of this con man.
Says Peter DeFazio votes with Nancy Pelosi 86 percent of the time.
Seventy to 80 percent of NRA members support a universal background check.
Most of Kathy Manning's donors are from out-of-state.
Trump refuses to denounce the KKK.
FOX Network Picks Up ‘Roseanne,' Saying It Has No Problem With Occasional Racism
There are more African American men in prison, jail, on probation or parole than were enslaved in 1850.
In this bill that I've just signed, we don't cut anybody's salary. We don't take away their pension. And we don't destroy their health care.
We cut a record $15 billion from our state budget.
Fewer Democrats were on the Georgia general election ballot in 2012 than in more than 100 years.
Exporters are using a federal loophole to "deceptively sell products made from cat and dog fur" to U.S. consumers.
Milwaukee's police chief can fire officers "for basically no cause."
In Congress, @RonDeSantisFL was the DECIDING vote AGAINST our state's right to protect Florida waters from drilling.
The president has added close to 68,000 troops in the last year, since he came into office, not just the 30,000 you hear, but the others that were added before that.
BREAKING: Illegal Muslim From Iran Arrested For Starting California Wildfire
95 percent of the world's customers are … beyond our shores.
A shocking 20 veterans are committing suicide each and every day, especially our older veterans.
Senator McCain would pay for part of his (health care) plan by making drastic cuts in Medicare — $882-billion worth.
When you were casting your vote for Republicans, Brian Kemp was voting for Democrats.
On Foxconn deal, "3,000 jobs cost #WI taxpayers more than $3 billion in tax giveaways. Break it down: more than $1 million in taxpayer dollars per job."
Legislation being considered in Texas would strip the salaries and pensions of clerks who issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples — even if the Supreme Court strikes down Texas' marriage ban later this year.
State employees haven't received a raise in five or six years.
On changing the rules governing judicial conflicts of interest
Marcy Kaptur voted against a ban which would have prevented the aborting of a baby girl for the sole reason that she's a girl.
On returning Republican campaign contributions.
Says Keene, N.H., requested a "military-grade armored personnel truck," citing their annual Pumpkin Festival as "a possible target" for terrorists.
In one year, (President Obama) provided $90 billion in breaks to the green energy world … into solar and wind, to Solyndra and Fisker and Tesla and Ener1.
This would be the largest casino in the United States.
President Barack Obama and Secretary of State John Kerry agreed "to lift Iran's economic and arms sanctions without any proof of change in conduct."
Says GOP primary opponents Glenn Grothman and Joe Leibham cast a "compromise vote that cost $788 million" in higher electricity costs.
The shutdown is projected to result in "$10 billion in costs to the economy per week."
The new Illinois school funding formula "created a tax shelter for the wealthy and a voucher program…"
Says "sleazy Keith Ellison and shady Dean Phillips both caught up in another sexual harassment scandal" and that Phillips is "charged with ignoring sexual harassment and discrimination at his companies."
Wisconsin's $3 billion incentive offer to Foxconn is "the largest gift ever by a state to a foreign company."
Says Ron Johnson justifies his support of trade agreements by saying the U.S. has the Trade Adjustment Assistance program for displaced workers, but then he "voted to eliminate it."
Says President Barack Obama carried Congressional District 13 "by 8.2 points in 2008 and 5.6 points in 2012."
Says that "on average, Democratic congressional districts received 81 percent more stimulus funds than Republican districts."
Says House Republicans rejected a straightforward measure that would prevent members of Congress and the president from being paid during a government shutdown.
Gov. (Pat) McCrory took $500,000 directly out of the disaster relief fund. And you know what it's for? House Bill 2.
The major immigration issue was about Poles, and Bulgarians, and Romanians, and that they weren't contributing economically. "The unemployment rate among Poles in Britain is lower than the unemployment rate among Brits."
After 30 years of inaction, we raised fuel standards so that by the middle of the next decade, cars and trucks will go twice as far on a gallon of gas.
Sheldon Whitehouse and 18 other senators "voted to censor the internet."
An undocumented immigrant "was arrested on suspicion of arson in (the) Wine Country fires that have killed at least 40 residents."
The richest 400 taxpayers are taxed at a lower rate than a $29,000-a-year worker
Nearly 60% of all occupants of HUD properties in U.S. are illegals.
Eliminating "Obamacare" ... "saves $95 billion a year."
I'm probably one of the four or five best-known Americans in the world.
Says she "brought together business, labor and hospitals to give 94,000 Oregon children health care."
A filibuster has never really been successfully used against a Supreme Court justice.
Says that 9 million to 50 million undocumented immigrants live in the United States.
There are actually only 30 countries that practice birthright citizenship.
All 28 members of NATO have "pledged to spend at least 2 percent of their economy on defense. But only three countries do -- Britain, Greece and us."
And, as of today, New Jersey state government has less employees than when Christie Whitman left office in 2001.
Recent immigration raids "are not business as usual. The raids are being done indiscriminately. They're not focused simply on criminal aliens."
Women in Ohio earn on average 77 cents for every dollar earned by a man.
Says Ohio Treasurer Josh "Mandel first claimed bank fraud in June 2010 but did nothing for more than a year while raising money for his (Republican) Senate campaign."
Ohio has one of the highest provisional ballot rates in the country, and many of them go uncounted each election.
The Georgia Senate ethics resolution "doesn't define cap."
When I became mayor of Los Angeles, we had a 44 percent (high school) graduation rate. I said that was unacceptable. I challenged that notion. I said the mayor needs to be involved with our schools. We need to partner together. As I left, after a number of reforms, we grew our graduation rate from 44 percent to 72.
Syria and Nicaragua are the only nations that didn't sign the Paris Agreement. Nicaragua said it wasn't tough enough.
U.S. Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison “has voted nine separate times to raise the national debt ceiling.”
In a 2014 case involving a man convicted of abusing two underage girls, Judge Roy Moore disagreed and wrote the dissenting opinion.
The White House promised us that all the spending would keep unemployment under 8 percent.
Says "Having organizations parading as being social welfare organizations and then being involved in the political combat harkens back to why the statute a hundred years ago said that they were prohibited."
California is 49th out of 50 in the United States in per capita housing units. Only Utah can lay claim to being lowest in per capita production.
Our government has now 'spent, lent, or committed' $12.8 trillion in its attempt to blunt the recession.
China has made enormous progress in its human rights. That is a fact recognized by all the people in the world.
Says Chris Koster "opposes right-to-work efforts because he has taken $8 million from ‘union bosses.'"
Trump's tax reform plan was nothing more than a middle-class tax increase.
Says "Harry Reid, when asked about the Republican field, said the Republican he likes the best is Donald Trump, and he said, because I can work with him. He'll cut deals."
Kavanaugh accuser's brother's firm linked to Fusion GPS.
Trump warns Russia over Jehovah's Witnesses ban and urges members to seek asylum in the U.S.
Says four Democratic state senators voted to "raise taxes on Wisconsin workers by another $510 a month so freeloaders can get free state-run health care."
97 percent of the 100 poorest counties in America are in red states.
The problem with invasive species today in the Great Lakes isn't ballast water.
Says, "Since 1994 when VAWA was first passed, incidents of domestic violence have dropped more than 50 percent."
And this would be the first year, if everything holds true, we will spend over $10 billion of our state budget on Medicaid out of the $28 billion budget.
Unions don't have to comply with Obamacare.
Says Democratic state Sen. Jim Holperin "voted against a property tax freeze" in 2009 and then voted for a "$1.5 billion property tax hike."
The U.S. Army had a training program that put "evangelical Christians, Catholics and Mormons in the same category of religious extremism as we do al-Qaida."
Martin Luther King was a Republican.
The racial and ethnic makeup of the Gwinnett County Sheriff's Office mirrors the community it serves.
Jason Carter never passed a bill in his tenure in the state Senate.
Under President Barack Obama, income levels and unemployment numbers "are worse now than just about ever" for African-Americans.
2009-2010, let's remember, hundreds of Republican amendments were adopted in the ACA.
On separating families at the border.
The Iranian parliament will get to say yes or no on this deal, and I think the United States Congress should have the exact same input into the process.
170,000 of the jobs created in Texas under Gov. Rick Perry "were government jobs."
During "the recent global warming summit in Copenhagen, Nancy Pelosi and others stayed at a five-star hotel on a trip costing nearly $10,000 per person."
Says Gov. Scott Walker's proposed reduction in university spending is "about the size of the one" under Democratic Gov. Jim Doyle, but Democrats didn't treat Doyle's cut as so dire.
In Washington, Congressman Joe Heck supports privatizing (Social Security), turning our savings over to Wall Street and risking it on the stock market.
Says the National Labor Relations Board told Boeing that it couldn't build a factory in South Carolina because South Carolina is a right-to-work state.
Says there are thousands of registered voters over 110 years old in North Carolina, including one who is 219 years old.
(U.S. Reps.) Paul Ryan, Sean Duffy and Reid Ribble are … shutting down town hall meetings, or making their constituents pay to attend them.
When I was mayor of New York City, I encouraged adoptions. Adoptions went up 65-70 percent. Abortions went down 16 percent.
America is No. 1 in wind power.
The Oroville dam failure was entirely avoidable: California passed a $7.5 Billion water bond in 2014 but Jerry Brown didn't spend $1 on new water storage or improvements to existing infrastructure like Oroville.
About "1 percent of all the gun sellers are responsible for more than half of the guns that are used in crimes."
On using Gov. Scott Walker's collective-bargaining limits to help balance the city of Milwaukee budget
Seventy percent of Americans "don't have a college degree."
Says a federal plan to expand Medicaid would cost Florida taxpayers $26 billion over 10 years.
If Sen. Hillary Clinton could enact all of her campaign proposals, taxpayers would be faced with financing more than $777.6-billion in new spending over one White House term.
Webster sponsored a bill to create a form of marriage that would trap women in abusive relationships.
President Obama pledged to go through the budget 'line by line,' but on his watch, non-defense spending has spiraled out of control, increasing by 67 percent in the last year alone.
He's promising four more years of an administration that will push for the privatization of Social Security...
Says state Senate President Stephen "Sweeney gave us the nation's highest income tax rates, driving out jobs."
In 2009, Mitch McConnell was the person that's saying, 'Hey, we should get all the ethics information in before we do the hearings.' 
We're the only system of federalism in the world.
Says a tweet he sent out "wasn't saying, ‘check out a sex tape.' It was just ‘take a look at" the background of Alicia Machado.
Mike "Martinez has voted to raise taxes and utility rates while ending free bus service for seniors."
Thomas Jefferson created the Marines for the Islamic pirates that were happening.
The top 1 percent of income earners pay 40 percent of all state income taxes, and those at the bottom pay little or nothing.
On the main GOP presidential debate: "Not one candidate on the debate stage has military experience … "
In Florida, we have the lowest in-state tuition of any state.
Every child in Colorado who has been given medical marijuana for treatment for seizures has had diminished seizure activity.
Donald Trump says he'd deport 16 million people.
Says Michael Screnock "let a child predator walk without time and let a rapist who preyed on an underage girl go free after only an eight-month sentence."
Says it will cost $220 per square foot in hard construction costs to rebuild Portland Public high schools.
The Obama administration offered "$900 million to Hamas, a recognized terrorist organization, to rebuild Gaza."
Why would our president close the embassy to the Vatican? Hopefully, it is not retribution for Catholic organizations opposing Obamacare.
In 2011, Alabama and Massachusetts passed legislation allowing non-citizens who are legal residents to vote in state and local elections.
Rail "doesn't do a great job in lessening traffic."
Spicer: "Trump has the legal right to cancel SCOTUS because they serve at his pleasure"
Says he vetoed $250,000 from the budget for a program to learn how to catch rainwater.
Long-term federal investment in U.S. airports is urgent because "there was a recent survey of the top airports … in the world, and there was not a single U.S. airport that came in the top 25."
The national debt is "larger than our entire annual economy."
Says unlike Tim Kaine, who "invested" in education, Indiana Gov. Mike Pence "slashed education funding."
Since the beginning of the year we've created a net increase of 45,000 jobs.
Under the administration of Gov. Scott Walker, northern Wisconsin's mining economy is moving forward and more people are getting good, high-paying jobs.
This is the true picture of ‘Milwaukee's Renaissance' after 12 years of Mayor Tom Barrett's leadership.
According to recent reports, a group of death panels organized under Obamacare ordered their first execution.
A few months ago when you were asked what's the biggest geopolitical threat facing America, you said Russia.
The Affordable Care Act says that "at age 76 when you most need it most, you are not eligible for cancer treatment. … Cancer hospital will ration care according to the patient's age."
I know that Hillary on occasion has said — just last year said this (NAFTA) was a boon to the economy.
Congress secured special Obamacare rules "to prevent their healthcare costs from rising."
The economic stimulus bill created a council that's "modeled after the national board that controls Britain's health system."
Donald Trump's decision to skip the Fox News/Google debate in Des Moines "is near unprecedented."
Three presidents in the last century — Harding, Kennedy and Reagan — all cut taxes during recessions and produced "rapid and dramatic economic recoveries," while two, Herbert Hoover and Barack Obama, did "the opposite."
Says the 2018 defense authorization bill includes raises for the military "for the first time in 10 years."
Not one of the 17 GOP candidates has discussed how they'd address the rising cost of college.
House Republicans pledged to introduce a bill to reform America's health care system, but "the 'party of no' has . . . failed to produce legislation."
The climate hasn't warmed in quite a few years. That is proven scientifically.
Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order!
As a 27 year old staff attorney for the House Judiciary Committee during the Watergate investigation, Hillary Rodham was fired by her supervisor, lifelong Democrat Jerry Zeifman. When asked why Hillary Rodham was fired, Zeifman said in an interview, ‘Because she was a liar. She was an unethical, dishonest lawyer, she conspired to violate the Constitution, the rules of the House, the rules of the Committee, and the rules of confidentiality.'
Says President Barack Obama's debt commission recommended converting Medicare "to a system where Medicare participants are given a voucher to purchase insurance in the private market."
The Senate version of the economic stimulus package includes "millions of dollars to World War II Filipino veterans in the Philippines."
Millions of people have given up looking for work altogether.
My opponent, Rick Gunn, blocked the expansion of Medicaid — costing half a million people health insurance, including at least 23,000 veterans.
Coca-Cola's CEO "said he finds it easier to do work in China than in the United States."
We're the highest taxed nation in the world.
With recent growth "it is very clear that private-sector jobs have been doing fine."
Will Hurd "tends to have a 96 percent straight Republican, straight party voting record."
The state's overall revenues only returned this year to 2007 levels.
Says Evan Jenkins was Sen. Joe Manchin's "spokesperson. It's true!"
Says "while serving in the city council, Rachel Zenzinger voted to use tax dollars to take a taxpayer-funded junket to China."
Two-thirds of the people who receive the minimum wage are female.
In the last three years alone, 13 times, the Supreme Court, unanimously, 9-0, including all of the president's liberal picks, have struck down the president's executive orders.
Says no Austin City Council "member lives south of" Lady Bird Lake "or north of 45th Street."
Says she's "leading the fight" to "force insurance companies to cover pre-existing conditions."
A lot of student loans are already refinanced by the federal government.
Not one Republican has the guts to recognize that climate change is real.
A single parent with a couple kids can easily get $35,000 a year in public assistance in Wisconsin.
Each day our nation pays communist China $73.9 million in interest on our debt.
Says Scott Walker "said that forcing women facing abortion to get invasive ultrasounds was 'just a cool thing.'"
Obama "only wants your children to have health insurance."
On support for a military strike on Syria
AIDS was transmitted to humans because "one guy" had sex with "a monkey" and then started "having sex with men."
California is once again the sixth-largest economy in the world. If you add the GDP's of Washington and Oregon, California would surpass the United Kingdom to become the fifth-largest economy in the world.
A Houston school district analysis found that the (State Board of Education) more than quadrupled the number of historical figures students must learn about.
We don't have bridges being built in the United States.
A salesclerk at Hobby Lobby who needs contraception … is not going to get that service through her employer's health care plan because her employer doesn't think she should be using contraception.
Fentanyl is now killing more Americans than heroin or any other opioid.
America's tax code hasn't been updated in 30 years.
Says Maxine Waters told CNN, "SCOTUS pick should be illegal immigrant."
Mitt Romney did not "endorse" Ted Cruz, even though he said he is voting for Cruz and urged others to do likewise.
As governor, [Mitt Romney] balanced the budget without raising taxes and created jobs.
Almost nine out of every 10 pennies that would be spent turning a 200-mile stretch of Interstate 70 into a toll road "would be from folks outside Missouri."
Of every "three dollars in food stamps for the needy, seven dollars in salaries and pensions (go to) the bureaucrats who are supposed to be taking care of the poor."
Following the 2009 session, Texas House Speaker Joe Straus "was acknowledged and ‘thanked' for his ‘tireless efforts' by Planned Parenthood, the nation's premier abortion provider."
There's only one candidate under investigation -- Terry McAuliffe.
Breaking: Shep Smith to be canned because he can't control his hate for Donald Trump.
Obama "closed offshore tax safe havens."
Says fewer than 30 percent of Texas college students graduate in four years and only 58 percent graduate within six years.
14 percent of noncitizens are registered to vote.
The United States is about 100th in voter turnout among the industrialized nations, and Texas is near the bottom in terms of voter registration and voter turnout.
Says he did not say Republicans would filibuster immigration reform.
More than half of all drivers' licenses issued in California this year have gone to illegal aliens.
Since 2009, "after-tax incomes are up nearly 14 percent."
We are one of the most expensive [bus] rides in New England.
Across the United States, 25 percent of voting age African Americans do not have the photo ID that this bill would require.
Since 2014, "each year, (NATO) nations have been increasing their contributions."
Obama "changed the rules in Washington. Gone are the free gifts from lobbyists. Gone are the fancy airplane rides for nothing."
New York state has the "second highest millionaires tax in the nation."
Austin mayoral candidate "Mike Martinez takes corporate money."
Under President Obama's health-care reforms, the premium for "an average plan for a family didn't go down by $2,500 per year, it's gone up about $2,500 per year."
Inner-city crime is reaching record levels.
With only 67 bills or so passed into law, "2013 was the least productive year in congressional history since we've been keeping record."
Two thirds to three quarters of people without [health] insurance in Rhode Island work.
John Oxendine is under a state ethics investigation because he illegally funneled more than $120,000 to his campaign from shady insurance political action committees in Alabama.
Because of Obamacare, "over the last two years, health care premiums have gone up -- it's true -- but they've gone up slower than any time in the last 50 years."
We're losing almost 6,000 state jobs.
He won't even support his colleague's ... motion to censure the Bush administration for systemic repeated illegal wiretaps.
Giant companies like Toyota will not locate in a state that has not passed a right-to-work law
We know that Saudi Arabia started al-Qaida.
Says Joe Manchin said "yes to repealing Obamacare. He lied."
41,200 veterans in Florida "don't have health care because Scott didn't expand Medicaid."
Pat Toomey advocated for eliminating all corporate taxes.
In (Sen. Marco) Rubio's state of Florida alone, Social Security lifts more than -- count it -- a million people out of poverty.
The rate of U.S. female homicide victims outnumbers 24 other developed countries by more than 2½ to 1.
Several times, Obama "has apologized for what he deems to be American arrogance, dismissiveness, and derision; for dictating solutions, for acting unilaterally ... ."
We've seen in this last year tremendous things happening, including our unemployment rate come down 2 percentage points.
Says because of Texas lawmakers' choices, "hundreds of thousands of women no longer have access to basic medical care, life-saving cancer screenings and contraception."
With 320,000 net Ohio manufacturing jobs lost, (Sen. Rob) Portman calls NAFTA a ‘proven success'.
Under Mary Burke's leadership, Commerce Department business-incentive programs had "major shortcomings" and "40 percent of jobs...didn't materialize."
The American people will be appalled to learn the health care bill exempts (congressional) leadership and committee staff.
Ebola is "incredibly contagious," "very transmissible" and "easy to catch."
The last time Republican U.S. Senate candidates "beat more than two (incumbents) was 1980."
Historically, the Social Security tax has been assessed on about 90% of U.S. income. Now it captures 83% because there's been such a growth of income among the highest earners.
The majority of the people that are coming to Arizona and trespassing are now becoming drug mules.
Says Texas Democrat Lizzie Pannill Fletcher contradicted herself on her health care position by saying "we need universal health care."
Says his reform efforts improved performance at all 10 low-performing schools in Palm Beach, Florida.
Says Ted Strickland admits his record on jobs and taxes is "mixed and spotty."
Says "every school will be negatively impacted" if Education Stability Fund is not tapped.
Most AGs don't go to court..
Scott Walker gave Wisconsin job creation money to his cronies: corporate friends who contributed to his campaigns and got $570 million in job-development incentives
Data shows that vehicle break-in is the No. 1 crime in the city, but also the No. 1 crime in the South Side Flats, and it's closely followed by assault.
The Democratic Congress has already taken significant steps to create jobs and jump-start the economy, resulting in the lowest tax rates in over 50 years and the creation of over 500,000 new jobs so far this year.
A bill by Earl Blumenauer would "mandate GPS tracking devices on all our vehicles."
Says U.S. Rep. Bruce Poliquin voted to "force seniors to pay more for prescription drugs."
Barack Obama's recess appointment of Richard Cordray "is precisely what then-Sen. Obama claimed would be ‘the wrong thing to do.'"
Says Newt Gingrich "made an affirmative statement that he would not only support but he would campaign for Republicans who were in support of the barbaric procedure known as partial-birth abortion."
Only after news broke that our veterans are dying because of inadequate health care did Harry Reid and Senate Democrats take action.
U.S. Sen. Johnny Isakson has voted for $7 trillion of our national debt!
Says Rick Scott signed "laws requiring mandatory ultrasounds and restricting access to abortion even in cases of rape or incest."
Says John Bolton supported the Iraq War and said last year that "I still think the decision to overthrow Saddam was correct."
In 2010 alone, 1,270 infants were reported to have died following attempted abortions and notably that is only one year.
Six justices on the U.S. Supreme Court have been "confirmed in presidential election years since 1912."
As secretary of the Department of Energy under former President Bill Clinton, "I created reserves of home heating oil."
Says he hasn't changed his view on abortion restrictions.
Says he "voted to remove Common Core from our schools."
A recent economic uptick appears to "coincide" with "the expectation of a new Republican Congress."
The United States has "the best health care delivery system in the world."
Says Pope Francis "took the name of a saint who basically reached out to Muslims."
Bill Lynch told three lies in ten seconds
Cuts in local government and school funding in John Kasich's budget caused "many communities to seek school levies, local tax increases, layoffs."
Miss Universe Guyana 2017 arrested at London Heathrow airport with 2 kilograms of cocaine.
Polls show Bernie Sanders would do better than Hillary Clinton in a head-to-head battle against Donald Trump.
We defied the stand-down orders during the Benghazi attack.
Drilling in ANWR would have minimal impact, covering only "2,000 out of 20-million acres."
Rick Scott "has said that he would do away with the Department of Community Affairs."
An Iowa policy "provides for a state round up of Iowa citizens who might be exposed to the swine flu virus."
Says he "helped to draft parts of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform bill."
John McCain was pardoned for treason
Says Mark Warner has supported Harry Reid "down the line."
The United States death rate is two-and-a-half times higher for those who do not have a high school education.
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said this week that the Democrats have to pass their terrible health care bill so that the American people can actually find out what's in it.
There is no "incontrovertible proof that speed, in and of itself, is the contributing factor to increasing (vehicular) fatalities."
Our income, our GDP per capita, is almost 50 percent higher than (it is for) the average European.
Says "some Planned Parenthood chapters have been selling the body parts of aborted fetuses for profit."
Studies have consistently failed to establish the existence of a link between the harshness of a country's drug laws and its levels of drug use.
Women in our state will continue to have cost-free access to reproductive health care
Since 1990, in inflation-adjusted dollars, per-student funding of the (Florida) state university system from general revenue has dropped by about $4,000.
In North Carolina, paid family leave is more popular than college basketball.
Wisconsin has created "just under 100,000" jobs since he took office.
The right-to-work states are creating a lot more jobs today than the heavily unionized states.
Says Andrew Gillum "wants to abolish ICE and doesn't believe in doing any type of immigration enforcement."
When these [undocumented] students graduate from college, they're still illegal aliens. They cannot get a job.
We've seen "our deficits cut by two-thirds."
Massachusetts schools "are ranked No. 1 of all 50 states."
In 2014, Mexico alone received over $24 billion in remittances sent from the U.S., while other South and Central American countries received over 15 percent of their (gross domestic product) in the form of remittances.
(After the auto bailout) General Motors is back on top as the world's No. 1 automaker.
Says someone earning $50,000 a year will fare better under his "9-9-9" plan than under the current tax system.
Sen. Obama wants to "enact the single largest tax increase since the Second World War."
Says the initial Portland plastic bag ban represented "only a modest share of total single-use checkout bag use."
Women "own just 1 percent of the world's land."
The UK has an unarmed police force and a firearm fatality rate that is 40 times lower per capita than in the U.S.
Georgia has had the nation's busiest Court of Appeals for a decade or more.
The 2011 Legislature did not cut Texas public school funding.
Only 50 percent of students from Milwaukee public high schools "go on to a two-or four-year college."
Georgia is now the eighth most populous state in the nation, moving from the number 10 position in just four years.
There are so many data that demonstrate that poor people, surprisingly, are less likely to use drugs than people with means.
Says Democratic obstruction is the reason why "many important positions in government are unfilled."
John McCain voted against funding the troops because of . . . a timeline in it to draw down American troops.
The U.S. military is at risk of losing its "military superiority" because "our Navy is smaller than it's been since 1917. Our Air Force is smaller and older than any time since 1947."
A "man surpasses Tesla by inventing an electric car that never needs charging."
Says he didn't cancel a political rally because after Sept. 11, "the New York Stock Exchange was open the following day."
Says "the New York Times can write a story that they know is false" yet "they can't basically be sued."
Studies have shown that in the absence of federal reproductive health funds, we are going to see the level of abortion in Georgia increase by about 44 percent.
Says Gov. Jim Doyle and the DNR have not put hunters first and mismanaged the deer herd; as a result "the deer population has dwindled."
This is the first time since World War II that five nuclear-powered aircraft carriers were docked together.
Says of 80,000 people who were denied a firearm in 2012 due to a failed background check, only 44 were prosecuted.
Dying 78 year old CIA agent admits to killing Marilyn Monroe.
About New York state: "We have the highest debt per capita."
Prince Harry says Donald Trump is not welcome at his wedding: ‘Trump is a serious threat to human rights.' 
Brewpubs can't sell growlers of their beer to customers.
832,000 people lost their job while (Charlie Crist was) governor.
If Obama's economic plan creates 600,000 new government jobs, "that's about the size of the post office work force."
Says women care most about jobs and the economy
Barack Obama got more campaign contributions from Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac "than any other member of Congress, except for the Democratic chairmen of the committee that oversees them."
We have only one person on the (TVA) board, to my knowledge, who even has any corporate board experience.
Almost every state has offered an insurance plan on its health exchange that does not cover abortion.
Says California Republican Young Kim is "a tax cheat" who "illegally claimed a $7,000 annual homestead exemption on a house she wasn't living in," had "multiple tax liens placed on her" as a result and "owes over $10,000 in unpaid federal income taxes."
Says Barack Obama is "trying to slash funding for the Armed Pilots Program designed to prevent terror attacks."
[T]he Georgia Dome has returned $10 billion in economic impact to the state of Georgia.
For four days in Denver, the Democrats were afraid to use the words 'Islamic terrorism.'
If you are talking about Canada .. our wine cannot sit on their supermarkets.
When the House wants to stop Enterprise Florida ... they're hurting our rural communities.
Says Texas schools have had "massive increases" in class sizes with Rick Perry as governor.
Illegal aliens are costing Georgia taxpayers over a billion dollars every year.
Cuba wants to let the Chinese drill in some of the very parts of the gulf that American producers are currently forbidden to touch, as close as 45 miles off the Florida coast.
Today in America, between 40 and 50 percent of all African-American babies, virtually 1-in-2, are killed before they are born.
U.S. Senate candidate Michelle Nunn has avoided taking a stand on Obamacare.
Seven more people will die each and every day until the Legislature ratifies these (pain clinic) rules that are being approved by the Board of Medicine and the Department of Health.
Donald Trump's strategy is pretty simple. They have even said in his campaign it's to get women to stay home, get young people to stay home, get people of color to stay home, and get a lot smart, intelligent men to stay home, too.
Four out of 10 homicides are committed by gun in this city.
A 2005 gay pride vote "had nothing to do with discrimination."
The National Debt in my first month went down by $12 billion.
If you pass the so-called Dream Act, it will be the single biggest amnesty in the history of the United States, even bigger than the 1986 amnesty.
So far in 2015, there have been more mass shootings than days.
While in Congress, Nathan Deal was a leader when it came to protecting our borders.
By the year 2015 (Medicaid will) take up half our budget.
America has already taken in one-fourth of Mexico's entire population.
Congressional Budget Office "says 8 (percent) unemployment till 2014!"
U.S. police killed more people in just one month than the U.K.'s did in over a century.
President Barack Obama's policies "have resulted in gas prices being reduced from $3.07 per gallon when he was sworn in in 2009 to $2.30 today."
Pope Francis at Mass: ‘Jesus is Metaphorical, Not Literal.
The IRS has been specifically forbidden ... from ever actually pursuing either civil or criminal remedies for people who don't purchase health insurance.
The Travis County propositions will not raise your taxes! If you are 65 or older, your property taxes are frozen.
In three years we could find close to 50 million gallons per day through a toilet replacement program.
Kirsten Gillibrand has put forward 331 bills since she's been in Congress. Do you know how many of them have been passed into law? Zero!
Women in the United States are paid about 70 percent of what men earn for the same work.
President Barack Obama "has now spent three years proving that he kills jobs in energy, he kills jobs in manufacturing."
Hillary [Clinton] wants to raise taxes by over a trillion dollars.
I didn't raise taxes once.
Minnick voted to let the government fund abortion under Obamacare.
We cut taxes 24 times.
Under my platform, "I will make no changes to the current (Medicare) system for current retirees and anyone approaching retirement."
Under a bill before the legislature, "you'd have to go to court to fire an employee."
Twitter, Google and Facebook are burying the FBI criminal investigation of Clinton. Very dishonest media!
Democrats oppose any effort to secure our border.
Says Freddie Mac, electric co-ops and credit unions are all "government sponsored" enterprises.
Jobs that involve the minimum wage are overwhelmingly jobs for young people starting out in the workforce.
You can go to Georgia and make about $6,000 more a year as a teacher.
Says the 2012-13 state budget "leaves $6 billion in a rainy day fund."
Says Mitt Romney's tax plans would "give an additional $250,000 tax cut to millionaires and billionaires" while raising taxes on the middle class.
Says she debated her opponent "multiple times."
Risk analysts listed Donald Trump, a Donald Trump presidency, as one of the top threats facing the global economy, ahead of terrorism.
Chris Christie "helped funnel $6 million in federal Hurricane Sandy money to a senior center in Belleville, N.J., a place that suffered no damage."
By the word religion in the First Amendment, the founders meant Christianity.
Says Donald Trump "has been talking about the option of using a nuclear weapon against our Western European allies."
Of Sen. Jeff Sessions, "you've objected to immigrants volunteering to serve in our armed forces, saying, 'In terms of who's going to be most likely to be a spy, somebody from Cullman, Ala., or somebody from Kenya?'"
Says Gwen Graham "voted against President Obama 52 percent of the time."
Explosive growth in Medicare is the reason federal deficit spending is predicted to top $1 trillion again after falling to $600 billion annually.
Says Barack Obama voted for the "very same language" of Indiana's Religious Freedom Restoration Act when he was in the Illinois state Senate. Sexual orientation "doesn't have anything to do with this law."
Says iPads and iPhones "are built in the United States of America."
Shocking Video Emerges of Obama Mocking God and the Bible.
Says Sen. Rand Paul's 2011 budget "included a big cut in the CDC."
We have the most educated … workforce in the entire nation.
Owen in MA vs. Owen in RI … Advantage:Rhode Island.
The (health care) law does not demand that all of these cancellations go out.
On a balanced budget amendment.
A New York imam wants to "have a mosque at Ground Zero.''
I wrote to Secretary Paulson, I wrote to Federal Reserve Chairman Bernanke [in March 2007], and told them this is something we have to deal with, and nobody did anything about it.
Says Mitt Romney "had millions in a Swiss bank account."
This is the first time in the history that we've had the raising of a debt limit also with spending cuts.
A precinct in the Allen West-Patrick Murphy recount has "7 registered voters in Guatemalan community and the tally showed 900 voted!!!!!"
U.S. Reps. Eric Cantor and Luis Gutierrez were "touring the country last year … joined at the hip, working together in a bipartisan fashion indeed for the goal of immigration reform."
These 15 political appointees (on the IPAB) will make all the major health care decisions for over 300 million Americans.
Under Hillary Clinton's plan "illegal immigrants convicted of committing crimes get to stay."
Mueller will be forced to resign over Pelosi affair.
We had the biggest drop of the rate of unemployment (in) all but 4 states.
I ended up my time as governor with a general fund budget that was smaller than the one I started with.
Oil production is down 14 percent this year on federal land.
Says that before Rick Perry became governor, "only 4 percent of our total labor force was a minimum wage job ... Today, that number has more than doubled (to) 9.5 percent."
Russia "has an economy the size of Italy."
The president went on a stimulus-fueled spending binge that stuck every American man, woman and child with a $50,000 share of this $16 trillion debt.
There was "just about zero press coverage" of the 2007 Bush White House email controversy.
One Wisconsin school district "is so worried about losing state funding that it has stopped giving milk to elementary school kids during snack time."
An average of seven children in America are killed by guns every day.
Says Donald Trump and Marco Rubio opposed Cruz's "efforts to defund Planned Parenthood."
Michael Thurmond "authored major legislation that has provided more than $250 million in tax relief to Georgia's senior citizens and working families."
Canadian middle class incomes are now higher than in the United States. They are working fewer hours for more pay, … living longer on average, and facing less income inequality.
Public-employee unions spent $30 million in Wisconsin unsuccessfully trying to flip the state Senate to Democratic control.
Says Demond Means, "turnaround district" superintendent for Milwaukee Public Schools, said the district "needs to be gutted."
There is a real law in Texas that says it's illegal to own more than six dildos.
We're talking right now about a $12 billion hole in our current, so-called balanced state "budget."
I "helped pass what, if enacted, would be the largest tax cut in Texas history through the State Senate."
The administration was kicking and screaming all the way with these sanctions being put in place (on Iran).
The 2013 immigration bill "expanded President Obama's ability to bring Syrian refugees to this country without mandating any meaningful background checks."
The estimated savings of this (debt ceiling) deal only pay for half of the cost of extending all of the Bush-era tax cuts for another decade.
The Milwaukee County bus system has "among the highest fares in the nation."
Says Republican recall challenger Jonathan Steitz "failed to pay his taxes."
Says the Clinton Foundation "accepted millions and millions of dollars from governments like Algeria, Saudi Arabia, Oman and the United Arab Emirates," which violated "a ban on all contributions to the Foundation from foreign nations."
Says a majority of Americans -- and Republicans -- support his approach for deficit reduction.
McDonald's in England only sells organic milk and free-range eggs, which provides more nutritious offerings than in the U.S.
We are taking Virginia's investment in public education to the highest level in the commonwealth's history.
Hillary Clinton killed in monster truck mishap.
A proposed amendment "allows a teenager to get a recommendation for medical marijuana without the consent of a parent."
The streetcar project proposed for downtown Milwaukee "would actually take precious revenue away" from the Milwaukee Public Schools.
The tax cut deal is giving "$700 billion to millionaires and billionaires."
We're the only major oil-producing nation in the world with a self-imposed ban on exporting our crude oil to other nations.
YouTube witness makes shocking admission on live TV. CNN pulls plug immediately
Says "the governor took away a billion dollars of rebates, so in real dollars, our property taxes have gone up 20 percent."
Texas "had the highest level of turnout than ever before in the primary."
Most of our taxes are spent on the so-called ‘War on Terror.'
More than 70,000 job openings are listed on a state jobs website.
We have one senator who's a ‘yes' vote ... but he's in the hospital. And he's a ‘yes' vote. So we can't do it by Friday. So we have the votes to pass a health care bill.
Says state Senate leaders have accepted $142,400 in campaign contributions from dentists and pharmacists during the past two years.
As unbelievable as it sounds, your tax dollars are funding the federal government's Zombie Apocalypse Plan. I kid you not.
Wendy Davis' legal work is currently under FBI investigation.
A study ranked Florida "No. 1 in government corruption" under Gov. Rick Scott.
Says U.S. Sen. Ron Johnson voted to let oil and gas companies emit "unlimited carbon pollution into our air"
Says the Affordable Care Act has already reduced the number of uninsured in Oregon by 10 percent.
Poll results from the past 35 years show that State of the Union speeches "do not move" presidential approval numbers.
Says "an average of $4 billion is added to the national debt" every day.
Says Sierra Club sued him to stop oil and gas activity on Texas coast, but "we won" and "the turtles are fine."
In states that have private-sale background checks for handguns "49 percent fewer women are shot and killed."
Says Zack Space voted for budgets and debt, energy taxes and the stimulus, and "we still lost more than 2.5 million jobs."
If you sell your house after 2012 you will pay a 3.8 percent sales tax on it.
Millions of Americans are "paying more and getting less" under Obamacare.
We're the only developed nation in the world that doesn't have paid maternity leave.
Texas has the sixth-highest property taxes in the nation.
The Congressional Budget Office, a nonpartisan office, did an analysis and said that passing comprehensive immigration reform will reduce the federal deficit by $200 billion over the next decade.
Says John Raese said he wants "1,000 laser systems put in the sky, and we need it right now."
John McCain fought to rein in Fannie and Freddie...but Democrats blocked the reforms.
The Georgia Lottery Corp. has only once in the past 16 years paid out the agreed upon 35 percent of proceeds to the account which funds the HOPE scholarship.
North Carolina could save "literally tens of millions of dollars" if it stopped prosecuting 16-year-olds as adults.
Police officers in this state have that right, to check the immigration status of people they arrest.
There were "50 percent more murders" in Orlando and Orange County, Fla., last year "than in all of Sweden."
Says 97 cents of every dollar played "represents over $500 million dollars that is returned to Oregonians every year to help support job creation, schools, state parks and watersheds."
As a prosecutor, Wisconsin Supreme Court Justice David Prosser did not investigate or file charges in a case involving 30-year pedophile priest, then participated in cover-up.
No city in the state, no state in this nation, for that matter the entire world, has adopted (clean energy) targets more ambitious in scale.
Expanding Medicaid will worsen health care options for the most vulnerable among us in Texas.
The omnibus bill has only $3.8 billion in earmarks.
When NAFTA was passed, there was an acceleration of immigration from Mexico because people were in search of jobs.
Newgard owed more than $13,000 for unpaid taxes on his $1 million Milwaukie apartment complex.
More than 3,000 homicides were committed by "illegal aliens" over the past six years.
On whether he's had a relationship with Vladimir Putin.
Says former Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said that "if the workers are more insecure, that's very healthy for the society" because "they'll serve the masters gladly and passively."
For the cost of $5 vanilla soy latte a day, you can get a sweet health insurance plan to match.
100 percent of the crime is committed, in estimate, by about 15 percent of the population.
The sales tax increase, if approved, will cost taxpayers "up to $300 million per year, in perpetuity, to finance a rail system for the City of Tampa."
The United States gives $8 million a day to Israel and gives that country a blank check.
It's going to be harder to vote in Virginia than it is now to buy a gun...
Obamacare could force thousands of volunteer fire stations to cut service or close entirely!
Says "for the equivalent cost of a single mile of freeway, we have a bike infrastructure."
Says unsuccessful Texas abortion legislation "was supported by a majority of" Texans.
Currently we have some 40-45% of Americans who are not paying any taxes.
AARP is "endorsing" the health care reform bill.
The permission to engage was given before the word RPG was ever used.
There have even been Republican congressmen who have said, ‘If you give us more money we don't know where we would even put additional Border Patrol agents.' 
Says President Barack Obama could "basically" legalize all immigrants here illegally "by the sign of a pen."
Says Al Franken "voted to exempt himself and Congress from enrolling in (the Affordable Care Act marketplaces)."
The stimulus bill includes "$8 billion for high-speed rail projects, such as a 'magnetic levitation' line from Las Vegas to Disneyland."
EPA officials have commended (Koch Industries) for our ‘commitment to a cleaner environment' and called us ‘a model for other companies.' 
Electrolux, Sweden's largest appliance maker, has just abandoned a $250 million investment in the United States because of the steel tariffs. That is retaliation.
In New York, "Average college debt - $30,000 per student."
There was "some sort of informal commitment to build a (psychiatric) building in downtown Cleveland."
We've seen 115,000 jobs created in the American auto industry since GM and Chrysler emerged from bankruptcy.
We're broke. We don't have any more money.
I want to freeze interest rates for five years.
22 times Barack Obama said he did not have the authority to implement this type of anti-deportation "measure. And then the day after he signed this into law, he said, quote, ‘I just changed the law.'"
Charlie Crist allowed college tuition to increase up to 15 percent every year.
We're going to have more troops (in Afghanistan) . . . than the Russians had.
U.S. military uniforms are manufactured in China.
Over the last few years, we've put more people back to work than all the other advanced economies combined.
Says Ohio law gives tax breaks "to rich people who own private jets."
Over half of the foreign-born population in Rhode Island is white.
Mark Sharpe has lowered property taxes by 17 percent.
Three years ago, John McCain said, "Afghanistan — we don't read about it anymore in papers because it succeeded."
A poll just came out on my inauguration speech. … People loved it. Loved and liked.
Qataris don't really work.
There is a federal criminal law that says it's a crime to transport dentures across state lines.
Says Barack Obama was happily photographed holding a T-shirt with revolutionary Ernesto "Che" Guevara's face on it.
Some neighborhood schools are closing.
Obama's secretary of energy, Dr. Steven Chu, "has said publicly he wants us to pay European levels (for gasoline), and that would be $9 or $10 a gallon."
Says George Soros and Bill Gates are funding a bioweapons lab in Sierra Leone that caused the Ebola outbreak.
200,000 students attempt suicide every year on college campuses.
Says that when President Obama visited El Paso, he "pronounced that the border with Mexico and the United States was safer than it ever was in history."
On the accuracy of state jobs numbers.
The United States right now incarcerates more African-Americans as a percentage than apartheid South Africa did.
Says his 9-9-9 tax reform plan is not "regressive."
We have trade agreements with 20 countries, and we have trade surpluses with each one of those 20.
Paul Ryan is one of less than a dozen Republican congressmen to have voted for every bailout to come before Congress.
Says Tom Ganley has been "sued over 400 times, for fraud, discrimination and more," and "a judge called Tom Ganley's business practices "deceptive and unconscionable."
Pentagon confirms they may court martial soldiers who hold Christian faith.
The number of new businesses started per year has dropped by 100,000 during this president's term.
Our bold reforms have Wisconsin's unemployment rate down to an all-time LOW of 2.9 percent, and the number of people working at an all-time HIGH!
Says Milwaukee County elected officials drive around in luxury cars "on your dime."
Mark Kirk: Lied about going to war. Opposed middle class tax cuts. And said unemployment's not that big an issue.
Mitch McConnell voted with Harry Reid to infringe on our gun rights.
Keystone XL allows "Canada to pump their oil, send it through our land, down to the Gulf, where it will be sold everywhere else."
Protesters caused $7.5 million in damage to the Wisconsin State House
Says "by 4th grade, 86 percent of African-American boys and 82 percent (of) Hispanic boys are reading below proficiency levels."
Just last year, alone, 710 police officers were assaulted in New York state.
Oil companies can obtain an acre of public land for less than the price of a Big Mac.
"I have never lobbied against sanctions personally... to my knowledge, Exxon never directly lobbied against sanctions.	mostly false"
Says, "Oregon has the third largest class size in the nation."
Says two of U.S. Rep. Nancy Pelosi's daughters were arrested for smuggling drugs.
Says after leaving the White House, Hillary Clinton "was forced to return an estimated $200,000 in White House china, furniture and artwork that she had stolen."
Trump Removing Marines From the Navy.
Ninety-four percent of the bills that pass the Senate have no debate, no vote, no amendments, no reading of the bill, no online disclosure.
Over the last four years, 53 percent of black wealth has just disappeared.
On assault weapons, Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh's position is "way out of the judicial mainstream, far to the right of even late Justice Scalia."
Sanctuary cities such as Philadelphia refuse to cooperate with the federal government in locating suspected terrorists who are in their custody and are in the country illegally.
Mitt Romney opposed the gun lobby, even Ronald Reagan.
We are already almost halfway to our 2010 goal of creating 700,000 new jobs in seven years.
The Americans for Tax Reform pledge "relates to new taxes that were going to be initiated by legislative action."
Says President Barack Obama said that if he doesn't turn the economy around after three years in office, he'll be a one-term president.
If Congress fails to act, the Obama administration intends to give away control of the internet to an international body akin to the United Nations.
A Texas police department bought an ad telling drug dealers, "We can take your competition off the streets for FREE."
African-American children are 500 percent more likely to die from asthma than white kids.
Says he didn't support the lawsuit to repeal the Affordable Care Act.
Singer Celine Dion Says: ‘I Can't Even Look At An American Flag Any More, I Hate This Country.'
Federal law prohibits the growing of industrial hemp in the United States.
Wisconsin children are crossing "condemned bridges in the middle of the winter to get to the school bus."
Under Gov. Mitt Romney, Massachusetts ranked "47th in job creation."
Most of the state budget isn't for state government doing things. ... 85 percent of the state budget is transferred to local communities for delivery of service.
House Republicans who complained they didn't have enough time to consider a constitutional ban against oil drilling "shoved through a proposal in just a few days to open state waters to oil drilling."
A defense bill "includes language that would require military hospitals to provide abortions on demand."
If the sequester hits, "hundreds of thousands of Americans will lose access to primary care and preventive care like flu vaccinations and cancer screenings."
A bill delaying the start of classes until Labor Day would permit school districts "to shave 5 full weeks off the school year."
Amanda Murphy has "two vacation homes around the world."
I am the only candidate who ran in either primary who said, ‘I will not raise taxes on the middle class.'
The state budget proposal has been submitted "on time and [it's] the earliest that a governor has done so in over two decades."
Says Daniel Webster wants to make divorce illegal, even for abused wives.
Say water fluoridation started in Nazi Germany ghettos and death camps to pacify the Jews.
We have, right now, Hezbollah, which is working throughout Latin America, in Venezuela, in Mexico, throughout Latin America, which poses a very significant and imminent threat to the United States of America.
Says Patrick Murphy has "taken more money from Wall Street than any other member of Congress other than the speaker and the majority leader."
Says that to drive the length of the newly drawn 15th District "you'd find yourself on the road as long as it would take to drive from Columbus to Niagara Falls."
The Senate GOP plan does not raise taxes for Americans earning less than $70,000.
David Jolly "has used money and power to try to … drill off our beaches."
An account of attacks in Benghazi written by former White House press secretary Dee Dee Myers shows that the body of U.S. Ambassador to Libya Christopher Stevens was "dragged through the streets" and abused.
Says Republican lieutenants to House Speaker Joe Straus “aired radio ads supporting Democrat(ic state Rep.) Mark Homer... helping the Democrat to a narrow win.”
Says that Mitt Romney, while he was in Arizona, said he believes the state's SB 1070 immigration law should be the model for national immigration laws.
You can't put a gun rack in a [Chevrolet] Volt.
Since I've been the state treasurer, we've increased the building, construction of affordable housing by 80 percent.
It is against the law for the NSA to record or monitor Americans' phone calls without getting a specific FISA warrant to do so.
Social Security doesn't contribute a penny to the deficit.
President Barack Obama's veto of the Keystone XL pipeline killed "42,000 jobs."
People on pot "shoot each other ... stab each other ... strangle each other, drive under the influence, kill families."
A little less than 50 percent of the people in this country depend on some form of federal payment, some form of government benefit to help provide for them.
Every day, a black name resume is 50 percent less likely to get responded to than a white name resume.
On public financing of his campaign.
Wisconsin politicians get daily expense payments "even if they don't spend a dime on meals, or lodging or travel," and "no receipts are required for them to get paid."
I never gave up custody of my children. I never lost custody of my children.
More people were killed in the United States last year by tainted food than U.S. troops killed in Iraq and Afghanistan since the wars began.
Says the University of South Florida invests in oil companies like BP, tobacco companies, weapons manufacturers and private prisons.
Says Barack Obama's "favorability rating in Israel once clocked in at 4 percent."
According to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, the IRS would need to hire over 16,000 people ... to audit the American people and impose the new taxes and mandates of the health care bill.
Rather than prioritize and pass ethics reform measures to restore trust in state government, (Democrats) sat on their hands and did nothing when they were the majority.
Says that in the U.S. Capitol, "Stephen F. Austin's and Sam Houston's statues" are "the only ones holding a rifle or a sword."
Muslims offended that their kids have to recite national anthem.
Austin has more lobbyists working for it than any other municipality in Texas.
Emails released to the public show Hillary Clinton discussed "the location of Ambassador Stevens, who of course was murdered, in Libya."
Says he has nearly 200 delegates bound to support his candidacy at the Republican National Convention.
Our veterans, in many cases, are being treated worse than illegal immigrants.
Dan Patrick "called for increasing the gas tax and the state sales tax."
Because of the new health care law, "Americans no longer will see their coverage dropped or capped when illness strikes."
This guy didn't even support Ronald Reagan.
Says Rick Perry is "the guy that tracked" down Democratic legislators who fled Texas in 2003.
Proposed cuts in the House farm bill mean "2 million less people on food stamps, 210,000 children will not receive school lunches or breakfasts."
Wisconsin is one of several states where you can change your early ballot if you think you've made a mistake.
PIP fraud is "$1 billion in fraud."
President Obama plans to "impose a tax of at least 23 percent on the Medicare prescription drug benefit for low-income beneficiaries."
Says Donald Trump has "bankrupted his companies not once, not twice but four times."
On voting for a health care bill without an up-to-date Congressional Budget Office score
We have a system now where in 40 states, the highest-paid public employee is the state university's head football or basketball coach.
On serving out his gubernatorial term
Sometimes I was the only 'no' vote on the entire board.
Families in Del Valle, who are City of Austin residents, have to drive to Bastrop to go to the closest grocery store.
The Secure Communities Program and 287(g) immigration programs "were programs that worked" but were "recklessly gutted" by the Obama administration.
“This week liberal Bill White faced an ethics complaint about more than $83,000 he failed to report to the state Ethics Commission.”
Says the new health care law delivers a "$13 billion tax increase on families with special needs."
Beyonce and Jay Z, I like them, I like them ... I get bigger crowds than they do. It's true. I get far bigger crowds.
Proposed federal regulations would affect every street sign in the country
Says Johnny Depp died after being apprehended for threatening President Donald Trump's life.
One out of every four students fails to earn a high school diploma. In our major cities across America, half of our kids don't graduate.
In Ohio, due to Medicaid expansion, "nearly 60,000 disabled citizens are stuck on waiting lists ... leaving them without the care they need for months or even years."
In Florida, 70 percent of the people here illegally came on an airplane. They overstayed a visa.
Says a young Texas rapper charged with capital crimes faces the death penalty but the alleged Santa Fe High School shooter faces prison and then parole after 40 years.
President Barack Obama deserves to be called "the most successful food stamp president in American history" because "47 million Americans are on food stamps."
One-third of our college grads leave Ohio within three years.
During his tenure in Washington and in the Illinois State Senate, Barack Obama has accumulated a record of bipartisan success.
Common Core means "there are over 300 data elements the government is going to be collecting about your children and about you."
Says when she "helped get $15 billion more for veterans care, Kucinich voted No."
A recent report from the president's deficit commission was "completely empty" on controlling health care costs.
The Obama administration has been "raising taxes."
David Alameel "is giving thousands of dollars to support the Republican Party candidates" including John Cornyn and Greg Abbott.
Says it's not "accidental" that the villain in the Batman movie is named Bane.
Says she's "tried over 100 jury cases in Travis County courts."
Says Paul Soglin took Madison backward -- "businesses have left and murders have gone up."
Says, "when this governor came to office, he had (an) 11 billion dollar - I call it mismanagement – deficit."
We are $20 trillion in debt. The Congressional Budget Office projects an additional $129 trillion of accumulated deficits over the next 30 years.
The latest round of tariffs now means that the total tax increase on Americans from enacted tariffs exceeds the tax increases from the Affordable Care Act.
We spend half a trillion dollars a year in tax preparation.
A grant for $5,000 [from the Governor's Workforce Board] went to teach an employee at a company that makes ornamental business card holders how to use Facebook and Twitter.
This ban will only apply to Oregon commercial fishermen. Washington commercial fishermen would still be allowed to use gillnets on the Columbia River.
The Obama Administration is suing a Wisconsin company for forcing employees to speak English.
25,000 businesses have been created since (Scott) Walker took office.
Says our national debt is greater than our gross domestic product.
Every time we've cut the capital gains tax, the economy has grown. Whenever we raise the capital gains tax, it's been damaged.
The Confederate battle flag at the South Carolina statehouse "must fly at a height of 30 feet. Any changes -- taken down, or even at half-staff, if that can be done -- must be passed by a supermajority of the General Assembly."
Immigrants are more fertile.
Says George Flinn has been a "no show" at scheduled "forums."
Gwen Graham owns a $14 million stake in her family's company that's behind the American Dream Mall. ... While Graham and her family will make millions, Florida will be stuck with poverty wage jobs, endangered wildlife and massive traffic congestion.
Cops take a knee then walk out on Redskins, leaving them stranded in their locker room overnight.
Says Democratic U.S. Senate candidate Tammy Baldwin ranks "as the most liberal member of the House."
Deer baiting, planned for Block Island by DEM, is illegal in Rhode Island.
[O]ver 200,000 ordinary citizens were given the opportunity to identify projects they preferred.
[The] unemployment rate in the Philadelphia metro area is now at its lowest level ever recorded.
The recidivism rate is nearly 29 percent and has been climbing steadily since detainees began being released from Guantanamo.
Starbucks CEO: ‘If You Support Traditional Marriage We Don't Want Your Business'
New York state subsidizes private colleges "probably more than any other state except maybe one."
Wisconsin is "one of the bluest" states, but under Scott Walker its unemployment rate "is around 3.5%."
Says Marshall Tuck "is backed by Donald Trump's education advisor" pictured as Betsy DeVos.
Fifty percent of kids coming out of school can't get a job.
The Foundation for Government Accountability, which supported a Florida law requiring drug testing of welfare recipients, is a "Koch brothers affiliated group."
Al-Qaida operatives, have said, 'Hey, we want you to use this loophole (for purchasing guns despite being on a watch list) to attack and kill Americans.'
If it weren't for me … (illegal immigration) wouldn't even be a big subject.
Blue Cross' new $90-million Providence headquarters "was outfitted with $25 million in decor."
Never once did they (House Republicans) actually cut spending or reduce the state budget. Even when they cut taxes in 2005, they increased spending. They never paid for their tax cuts.
During the year Kagan barred military recruiters from Harvard Law School's Office of Career Services, "military recruiting actually went up."
Statistics show that more people at this time telecommute than they ride carpools, mass transit, bicycle or walk.
$100,000 in stimulus funds (were) used for a Martini Bar and Brazilian Steakhouse.
Judithanne McLauchlan "was part of a group that supports imposing a state income tax on Floridians."
Says the treasurer's office has "saved $37 million in management costs for the oversight of public investments."
While the sequester is in effect, the federal government is still funding a study on duck penises.
Less than 10 percent of President Barack Obama's Cabinet members have private-sector experience.
Says "Mitt Romney's plan rolls back regulations" on banks.
Scott Walker raises nearly 70 percent of his money from out of state
“We are picking up oil with shovels and paper and plastic bags.”
Satanists have teamed up with the ACLU and Planned Parenthood in Missouri to roll back the rights of the unborn.
Barack Obama began his presidency "with an apology tour."
I think if you look at the entire federal government and the president's commitment to (fighting opioid addiction), you'll see that there are actually hundreds of millions of dollars increase on this issue.
Have the suburbs been inundated with former residents of Atlanta housing projects? Absolutely not.
More "than 80 percent of sex trafficking victims in America are U.S. citizens."
Close to half of the folks in this country illegally entered legally (but) overstayed (their ) visas.
A construction worker who's making $50 or $60 grand a year shouldn't be paying higher tax rates than the guy who's making $50 million a year. And that's how it's working right now.
More Texans have jobs today than ever before in the history of our state.
Tuition at Rutgers has increased 10 percent since Gov. Chris Christie took office because he "cut funding for higher education."
I have a record on the environment of creating green energy ... taking trash and turning it into cash.
ICE just endorsed me.
More than one in five of veterans aged 20 to 24 can't find a job to support their family or to ease the transition to civilian life.
Says Texas lawmakers agreed to cut state's rainy day fund in half, spending "$4 billion from current $8 billion."
Says public education will get more money in 2012-13 though lawmakers cut $15 billion in overall spending.
Says he and Mitt Romney "always said that we agree with the 2014 deadline" for leaving Afghanistan.
A small business receiving a federal tax credit "to provide health care for its employees ... would be barred under the Stupak Amendment from allowing their employees to use ... the health care that they offer them for abortion."
The fact is that red light cameras change driver behavior and cut down on the most dangerous types of accidents.
Your politicians in Tallahassee today are saying, in your area, that they don't need any more jobs. That is exactly what Rep. Paul Renner said.
Says Obama was in New York City the same day as Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu but went on a TV show instead of meeting with him.
...the earth moves closer to the sun every year – you know the rotation of the earth. We're moving closer to the sun.
Says PolitiFact says Amendment 4 "will force counties and cities across Florida to raise taxes and fees."
Amazing fact: Senate has already voted on more amendments in 2015 than Reid allowed ALL YEAR last year.
Illegal counterfeiting and piracy costs the U.S. economy $100 billion... every year.
Tom Ganley has "two F's from the Better Business Bureau" and "over 160 complaints in just three years."
Says Hillary Clinton takes "tens of millions of dollars from countries that hate women, that disrespect women, that throw gays off of buildings."
Under Wisconsin law, "anyone who knows anything about a John Doe" secret criminal investigation "can't talk about it."
The United States accounted for 26 percent of worldwide military spending during the Cold War, but now accounts for 41 percent.
Reporters rehearse questions with White House press (secretary).
President Obama has the lowest public approval ratings of any president in modern times.
Medicare monthly premiums will go up to $104.20 in 2012 and $247.00 in 2014 due to "provisions incorporated in the Obamacare legislation, purposely delayed so as not to 'confuse' the 2012 re-election campaigns."
This census is also the shortest and least intrusive count in modern history.
When oil and gas prices sent state revenues up, Palin sent "a large share of that revenue directly back to the people of Alaska."
The planned expansion of Savannah's port is a "jobs creating project."
Under Obamacare, when you turn Medicaid over to the states ... the money will be available up front for the expansion for a few years. Then, the money will go away.
Two years ago, the longest serving leader of the California republic, Jerry Brown, boldly declared in China that California is a separate nation.
The new health care law crushes small businesses "with billions in penalties."
Says Mitt Romney told university students in Ohio that to start a business, they should "borrow money if you have to from your parents."
Coal production up 7.8% in past year. Down 31.5% last 10 years. #endingwaroncoal.
USDA approves slaughterhouses producing horse meat for human consumption
Romney left Massachusetts "with a $245-million debt because of the big government-mandated health care system."
Says "thousands" at a Manhattan rally for Donald Trump were chanting "We hate Muslims, we hate blacks, we want our great country back."
Says Romney flip-flopped on abortion.
We've doubled our use of renewable energy.
Rick Scott's Administration spent over $100,000 of taxpayer money during their first voter purge attempt in 2012.
Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett "has held the line on property taxes."
Missouri "is leading the country when it comes to improving services for mental and behavioral health. Innovation is happening right here."
Says President Barack Obama's homeland security budget had "$16 million to fight climate change" but "didn't have a line item to fight violent extremism."
To this day, (the Cuban government) is a regime that provides safe harbor to terrorists and fugitives.
Says "At age 76 when you most need it, you are not eligible for cancer treatment" under Affordable Care Act.
Page 92 of the House health care bill "says specifically that people can't purchase private health insurance after a date certain."
The governor's not taking his own fiscal advice. ... In the first fiscal quarter of this year, we've seen a 13.5 percent increase in spending, double-digit spending out of the executive branch in the State of Texas.
Says Rebecca Dallet is a "hypocrite" because she "took money from attorneys with over 100 cases before her."
Barbara Buono by the numbers: As a Trenton politician, she voted to raise taxes 154 times. Under her, property taxes up 70 percent. Backed a 16 percent sales tax increase. Utilities, nursing homes, cell phones, parking lots, lottery wins, gyms – She taxed them all. Architect of Corzine's budget, she drove New Jersey $2 billion into debt. Barbara Buono by the numbers: taking New Jersey backwards.
El Paso is the "safest city in the state of Texas, safest city in the United States."
Pollsters say "don't actually believe our own data" and Gallup stopped primary polling "because they don't trust their methodology."
The IRS scandal "clearly showed some criminal behavior."
As of 2014, illegal aliens made up roughly 3.5 percent of our population, and committed over 10 percent of all murders.
California has "robust job growth that outpaces the rest of the nation."
We've seen a remarkable reduction in the number of Americans being executed -- it's down nearly two-thirds over the past generation.
An Obama campaign tactic for rallying voters is to "offer them cell phones."
Doctors, nurses, hospitals, even the pharmaceutical industry, (and) AARP say that health reform "makes sense to do."
Obama raises taxes on seniors (and) hard-working families to give welfare to those who pay none.
Milwaukee County Sheriff David A. Clarke Jr. advised citizens to "point that barrel center mass and pull the trigger" because "911 is not our best option."
She created the Waste, Fraud and Mismanagement Hotline.... (that) has saved Wisconsin taxpayers hundreds of thousands of dollars.
Sharron Angle wants to wipe out Social Security.
Says President Barack Obama is "sending a much larger (force) " to deal with Ebola "than ISIS is getting."
The president's plan, even after the end of its withdrawal timeline is reached, will leave in place up to 50,000 U.S. troops.
You (Hillary Clinton) get a subpoena, and after getting the subpoena you delete 33,000 emails.
There are billions of barrels of oil beneath our oceans and in Alaska, and there is ample oil shale in the Rocky Mountain West, but Democrats "say all this American energy is off limits."
Only 14 percent of Catholics agree with the Vatican's position that abortion should be illegal.
Republican candidate for governor Nathan Deal "explicitly voted to fund abortions ..."
The USA Freedom Act undercuts privacy because "the phone records will be in the hands of the phone companies with hundreds of people available to look at the records, versus 20 or 30 people in the government."
In 2004, "20 percent of U.S. households were getting about 75 percent of their income from the federal government. ... Another 20 percent were receiving almost 40 percent."
On supporting the Supreme Court abortion decision Roe v. Wade
Florida Democrats just voted to impose Sharia law on women.
A DWI costs $17,000.
Says Jim Renacci has "consistently voted" for loopholes that "encourage outsourcing of our jobs."
Roy Blunt "voted to raise his own pay 12 times" while in Congress.
Says U.S. House candidate Carlos Curbelo "supported raising flood insurance rates."
A bill to aid state and local governments "is fully paid-for by closing costly corporate tax loopholes."
Every day in the United States, we are losing 15 factories.
Says Romney wants to add $2 trillion to the defense budget that the military hasn't asked for.
The Koch brothers are "the richest people in the world. Individually, they're only fifth. Put them together they're the richest in the world."
Says "As Mayor of Wilsonville, I drove TriMet out of town and replaced their bloated transit system with our own local bus line that offers better service and has saved our businesses millions of dollars."
Cantor's campaign spent more at steakhouses than Brat spent on his entire campaign.
Say "this biennium, liquor sales account for nearly $1 billion in the state budget."
After laying off 30,000 people, Carly Fiorina said that in retrospect, "I would have done them all faster."
Under Gov. Romney's definition ... Donald Trump is a small business.
I've never voted for a Democrat when there was a Republican on the ballot.
Midtown crime is up by 30 percent the last quarter.
Says he was "instrumental to passing two (recent) pieces of legislation that were a huge victory for firefighters across the state."
Roy Barnes is like Barack Obama because they're both doing a lot of apologizing.
The city of Columbus would save $41 million a year if employees had to contribute to their own, guaranteed-check pensions.
Congress gave an unelected board "the power to deny care to seniors."
Democratic tax hikes led $70 billion of wealth to leave New Jersey between 2004 and 2008, and mainly relocate to Florida, North Carolina, Virginia and Pennsylvania.
McCain has voted repeatedly at least six times against funding for global HIV/AIDS, malaria and TB fund, once as one of only 14 senators.
Says Marsha Blackburn "voted against military pay raise."
Says Travis County's sheriff refuses to enforce 8 USC 1373.
Says White House adviser Steve Bannon said, "Nobody can blame you for beating your wife if it's out of love."
Says Jim Frishe wanted to "tax us for doing our taxes" through an accountant.
Over half of the black workers in this country earn less than $15 an hour.
Georgia has the nation's fifth largest Women, Infants and Children (WIC) Supplemental Nutrition program, serving more than 270,000 mothers, babies and children every day.
Despite the rhetoric from Democrat politicians, more people are employed this year than at any point in the history of Wisconsin.
I've cast a couple of 99-1 votes and been the lone dissenter.
When John Kasich became governor of Ohio, "there was an $8 billion budget deficit and now there's a $2 billion surplus."
Hillary Clinton surged the trade deficit with China 40% as Secretary of State, costing Americans millions of jobs.
Social Security is in trouble (it's going bankrupt by 2034).
The African-American community lost half of their wealth as a result of the Wall Street collapse.
The Governor did not consult members of his own party before he released his [transportation] plan.
60 percent of Texas 8th graders are not proficient in math. Only 26% have a teacher with a undergraduate major in math.
Since 2010, America has put more people back to work than Europe, Japan, and all advanced economies combined.
Corporate tax holidays pushed by Presidents John F. Kennedy and George W. Bush brought "billions" of dollars back into the United States.
On taxes, President Barack Obama wants to raise "the top rate to 44.8 percent."
Because the EPA closed a lead smelter in Missouri, "all lead for bullets will have to come from overseas!"
Says Paul Manafort "played a very limited role" in the Trump presidential campaign.
We've had Muslims in America since George Washington.
Says 3,000 people "did not die" in two hurricanes that hit Puerto Rico. That death toll estimate was "done by Democrats."
Says a careless attitude and "poor oversight by the Texas Department of Agriculture" led to deaths and illnesses traced to a Texas peanut plant.
794 law enforcement officers have fallen in the line of duty since B.H. Obama took office, with no special recognition from the White House.
Amendment 1 protects Florida seniors from scams and rip-offs.
Under Ryan plan, "those 54 and younger would receive the same kind of healthcare options now enjoyed by members of Congress."
The most recent Associated Press poll has Nader-Gonzalez at 6 percent, without any national coverage, against McCain and Obama.
In "the past 10 years, our (Austin) water rates have increased by 100 percent and we now have the highest water cost of the top 10 cities in Texas."
While others place their hands over their hearts, Obama turns his back to the flag and slouches.
Says that when Republicans held Congress and the presidency, they "doubled the size of the (U.S.) Department of Education."
Says Donald Trump "spent the least amount of money of any of the competitive primary contenders that he beat so badly."
The government will "go out and buy my breast pump for my babies."
Senate immigration legislation is the "Obama-Reid plan to give illegal immigrants amnesty."
Says Sen. Bernie Sanders has called President Barack Obama "weak. He's called him a disappointment."
#GradInsurance debacle is a DIRECT result of #ObamaCare. #MIZZOU has to break the law to do the right thing.
The unemployment rate may be as high as "42 percent."
After prenatal diagnosis, "90 percent of Down syndrome children in America are aborted."
If you want to vote in Texas, "you can use a concealed-weapon permit as a valid form of identification, but a valid student ID isn't good enough."
Economic inequality in Multnomah County has a face -- and a name. It has 90,000 faces and names -- the number of county residents who are still unemployed, or underemployed, in the wake of the 2008 Wall Street crash.
The 2010 DREAM Act failed despite "strong bipartisan support."
Obama creates new tax on Christmas trees, fees get passed on to consumers.
We went from a $5.6 trillion surplus that George Bush inherited to over ... $11-plus trillion debt when George Bush left office.
Bioweapon! Zika virus is being spread by GMO mosquitos (sic)
The idea of putting up (Confederate) monuments actually didn't happen right after the Civil War. It happened during the 1960s.
Says Donald Trump "supports eminent domain" and the Supreme Court's Kelo decision.
More than 260,000 Americans are employed by the domestic solar industry — three times as many workers as employed by the entire coal mining industry.
Biden is "one of the least wealthy members of the U.S. Senate."
He even supports putting a female inmate in shackles during childbirth.
Says a New York physician and his wife jumped to their deaths because they "can't afford" Obamacare.
Our whole food system in this country...most of it is genetically engineered. And (there is) no testing for the health consequences of this food.
Your family will pay $2,500 "after Kara Eastman eliminates your tax cut."
Obama spokesman Bill Burton says Clinton gave Bush "a blank check on a critical foreign policy issue."
Washington, D.C., had some of the strictest gun laws in the country. And when they passed them, violence skyrocketed.
The balanced-budget amendment once came within one vote of passing Congress but was defeated because of the no vote from a top Senate Republican, and Rick Santorum says he "stood up and called for him to resign his chairmanship."
Under Philip Levine, Miami Beach "passed a resolution to ban assault rifles, which was not enforceable and never enforced. He passed a resolution to raise the minimum wage, which actually no one got the benefit of because it was not enforced."
Attention hunters: Voting in North Dakota could cost you your out-of-state hunting licenses.
Says the majority of candidates in Texas' 25th Congressional District live outside the district.
Texas "children may have a teacher who never spent one minute practicing teaching."
Suzanne Bonamici supports a plan that will cut choice for Medicare Advantage seniors.
There have been more terrorist attacks on U.S. soil by ... Muslims in Obama's first 18 months in office than in the six years under Bush after he invaded Iraq.
Says Washington's Kim Schrier has a plan to eliminate employer-provided health coverage, double income taxes and put your care "in the hands of government bureaucrats."
Malia Obama arrested with a gang of thugs in Chicago.
80% of black men in Atlanta are Homosexuals, study says
Says, "In the last four years we've cut $36 million in ongoing revenue."
If Missouri Amendment 1 passes, the auditor's office "could take one district, St. Louis here, and merge it with a district in southwest Missouri, a Republican district, and they don't even have to touch."
Thurbert Baker kept a teen in jail "who didn't even commit a felony."
I have something in common with my husband. He never carried caucuses either. He lost all of the ones that I've lost.
We have invested record funding in protecting our environment.
Says Republican candidates in Oregon are "advocating violence" against gays.
Says that as a U.S. senator, Russ Feingold "voted against authorizing our military 11 separate times."
The gap between the very rich and everyone else in America is wider today than at any time since the 1920s.
In this last election in November, ... 63 percent of the American people chose not to vote, ... 80 percent of young people, (and) 75 percent of low-income workers chose not to vote.
Wisconsin's "effective" unemployment rate is 20 percent.
Again today (Ahmadinejad) made light of 9/11, and said that he's not even sure it happened and that people actually died.
I'm prolife. I'm not going to apologize for becoming prolife. Ronald Reagan followed that same course, as did Henry Hyde and George Herbert Walker Bush. And I'm proud to be prolife.
Says the Internal Revenue Service estimated it must hire "16,500 agents at a cost of $10 billion to the taxpayer" to enforce the federal health care overhaul.
The number of uninsured people in Massachusetts is about the same as it was when the mandates were passed in 2006.
The House did vote against engagement in Kosovo, and Bill Clinton kept fighting anyway. And, then, ultimately, a vote did pass.
We cut business taxes so today 70 percent of our businesses don't pay a business tax.
Says he did not support the October 2008 legislation to rescue Wall Street firms.
Says Supreme Court candidate JoAnne Kloppenburg's record as a state Justice Department lawyer consists only of the prosecution of cases regarding regulation of docks.
Says Jeb Bush "extended early voting" after seeing "long lines."
Says Scott Walker "brags a lot about having an independent agency investigate police shootings. Of course, he didn't fund it."
Says Donald Trump promised to repeal Obamacare, build a wall, ban Muslims, and more.
Says a study shows that children who live with a biological parent and the parent's boyfriend or girlfriend "have a 20 times greater chance of being sexually abused."
Romney "would turn Medicare into a voucher program."
Among Syrian refugees and migrants coming into Europe, "there look like very few women. Very few children."
If there is a firearm available, it is 17 times more likely to be used either for suicide or for assaulting a friend, relative, an acquaintance than it is to be used in fending off an intruder.
Since 1995, the top 400 wealthiest families have seen their incomes go up 400 percent and their tax rates go down 40 percent.
Chained CPI would save $1 trillion in the second decade off the federal budget debt, a report shows.
Only one out of 10 minimum wage workers today are teen age or a young person.
Pope Francis To Followers: 'Koran And Holy Bible Are The Same' 
There is "more oil produced at home than we buy from the rest of the world – the first time that's happened in nearly 20 years."
Mitt Romney is "tearing down his 3,000-square-foot house to build an 11,000-square-foot house."
Says Donald Trump "brings in hundreds of foreign workers to replace Americans."
Says cuts to Medicare affect people who have already "paid in. We paid for it."
Top CEOs (are) making 300 times the average worker.
After the oil spill, Congressman Adam Putnam "doubled down saying all energy sources, including oil drilling in the Gulf, should be considered just days after the oil spill started."
Says Attorney General Eric Holder recently revealed "this idea to have government have gun owners wear special bracelets that would identify you as a gun owner."
Says when Bernie Sanders was in college, Sanders said "something very similar" to what conservative Wisconsin Supreme Court Justice Rebecca Bradley had written as a college student in the 1990s -- that "women have a legitimate role in date rape."
Says Hillary Clinton voted "for virtually every trade agreement that has cost the workers of this country millions of jobs."
Says the U.S. fleet of attack submarines is scheduled to fall below the 48 boats that Navy says it needs to carry out current missions.
Mercedes-Benz USA moving its headquarters to Atlanta will create at least 800 jobs.
One year today since #GOP took control of the House and "no new jobs."
Michelle Nunn ranks agriculture issues as the 18th most important items facing Georgia.
Shows in a television ad that police took evidence from Solantic, Rick Scott's new health care company, after allegations emerged that the company was engaging in fraud.
Chicago Public Schools "lead the country in high school graduation of an urban school system," "match the United States of America in kids graduating high school going on to a four-year college," and are "producing eighth-grade leaders in the country in math gains, fourth-grade leaders in reading gains."
Bob Hall never successfully passed a bill.
By the end of 2015, more than 1,300 people will have died on Georgia roads. One of out evey four fatalities resulted from drunken driving.
Muslim nations did not "call out" the people who celebrated the 9/11 attacks.
House Democrats strike to implement Sharia law!!
Across the country, more than half of the U.S. attorney seats remain without a prosecutor chosen by Obama.
Every month, another 50,000 U.S.-born Hispanics turn 18 and become eligible to vote.
Says Jonathan Gruber was "some adviser who never worked on our staff."
During her first four years in Washington Sen. Ayotte voted with the Koch brothers nearly 90 percent of the time.
Russ Feingold "has not worked anywhere outside of politics."
Malia Obama just got arrested buying cocaine
(Palin) supported right-wing extremist Pat Buchanan for president in 2000.
Rhode Island "didn't ratify the 13th Amendment to the Constitution to pay federal income taxes. So Rhode Island doesn't even have to pay federal income taxes."
"Sixty-percent of the state retirees...don't get Social Security.''	false"
My recommended budget includes $1 billion in new state funding for education.
Guns have murdered more Americans here at home in recent years than have died on the battlefields of Iraq and Afghanistan.
The primary financing mechanism of the Affordable Care Act is a tax on wealthy people.
Says under the new health care law "the patient-doctor relationship will be eliminated."
The state budget has increased almost $800 million a year in each of the last two years.
Says Tammy Baldwin's record includes "opposing harsher punishments for criminals who commit violent crimes near schools."
Under Rahm Emanuel, "We've got tree trimmers making six figures."
On a government spending freeze.
Says spending in the fiscal 2009 budget was lower than spending in the fiscal 2014 budget
Says Bernie Sanders "has reversed his position on immunity" for gun manufacturers and sellers.
Says "46 percent of people believe major national news organizations fabricate stories about me."
On George Allen's U.S. senate candidacy.
First, he was in favor of my plan, now he's attacking it.
Initial efforts to strip airport contractors of their special diversity status "has no effect" on the contracts or the city's diversity goals.
Right now in Ohio 200,000 people are getting opioid treatment because they have insurance under the Affordable Care Act.
When it comes to taking cuts in tough budget times, Wisconsin "state workers haven't had to sacrifice."
War for the soul of the TxDems: 57% of Dem incumbents for Tx House LOST their primary.
We borrow a million dollars every minute.
Says Ohio's I-X Center "used to be a great plant," but "thousands of people of worked here, and they left" when their jobs were moved overseas.
Obama's tax plan cuts taxes "for 95 percent of all working families."
By fiscal year 2013, the state is expected to wipe through [HOPE scholarship] reserve funds.
John McCain "opposed legislation to fund levees and flood control programs, which he considers pork."
It was allowed, referring to her email practices.
Says Miami-Dade Circuit Court Judge Milton Hirsch "is constantly overturned."
Unemployment rate dropped in every state that elected a Republican gov. in 2010
Unlike California, we in Florida welcome driverless cars - no permit required.
The Republican Party has the worst reputation in American polling of any political party in history.
Money towards the Ebola vaccine is basically cut in half to what it was. More cuts are coming under the congressional sequester.
By the time you drink your coffee, an elephant is killed for its ivory tusks.
Says that in the last five years, Texas "created more jobs than all other states combined."
Alex Sink "used a taxpayer-funded plane so she could get to a vacation in the Bahamas."
Under the Arizona immigration law, police are required to check immigration status if someone's "lawn is overgrown" or if a dog is "barking too loudly."
Says President Dwight Eisenhower "moved 1.5 million illegal immigrants out of this country."
It costs $10,000 a year to keep a child in school; it costs $30,000 a year to keep someone in prison.
Nazi imagery [was used] by the Block for Governor campaign to describe supporters of Allan Fung for Governor.
Nothing was done. I mean, $25 million was spent, but we don't have that (gun ownership) database.
There is no precedent for what the Democrats are doing with this deception. ... We have never written a reconciliation bill to amend a law that does not exist.
As state Commerce secretary, Mary Burke drafted, sponsored and promoted "budgets that raised taxes by billions, created high structural deficits and raided funds to finance huge spending hikes."
Says Sen. Elizabeth Warren "lives in a $5.4 million mansion."
Says she was the “the only Democrat who voted against the Wall Street bailout."
Says there are "fewer jobs in America today than when Barack Obama became president."
Says Andrew Gillum is running "from the FBI."
Says the vaccine to prevent HPV can cause mental retardation.
When (John) Brennan ... was asked directly … ‘Is there any geographic limitation to your drone strike program?' Brennan responded and said, ‘no, there is no limitation.'
There are close to 900,000 unemployed veterans in America right now.
Says Sen. Claire McCaskill was named "most likely to be the most unpopular senator in the United States for four months in a row!"
She is the only candidate who has stood by our community and immigration reform from the beginning.
Says Iowa Republican Senate candidate Joni Ernst "would privatize Social Security."
Cheney is "disagreeing with President Bush's policy. President Bush stated repeatedly to international audiences and to the country that he wanted to close Guantanamo."
On whether the state should privatize the Ohio Turnpike.
We have $60 billion in 2010 in Medicare fraud.
Says Democrats cut $35 million from the state budget for Information Technology improvements.
Obama Announces Plans For A Third Term Presidential Run
7 out of 10 Oregon families living in poverty have at least one parent who works.
There are literally teachers now who are getting pink slips because of sequestration.
We're fifth in the world (in executions), behind China, Iran, Iraq and Saudi Arabia.
The (Russian) ruble is already going down.
Today President Obama said there will NOT be a National Day of Prayer in May.
Says he couldn't keep a 42-inch redfish he caught because of fishing rules.
Says Rep. Paul Ryan's budget proposal "would effectively double the interest paid out on existing and future student loans."
If sea levels rise six feet due to climate change, Waterplace Park in Providence and Wickford village would be swamped
The Failing @nytimes quotes ‘a senior White House official,' who doesn't exist, as saying ‘even if the meeting were reinstated, holding it on June 12 would be impossible, given the lack of time and the amount of planning needed.' WRONG AGAIN! Use real people, not phony sources.
Vern Buchanan "has been completely exonerated" in a Federal Election Commission action.
Liberals in County Hall want our community to be a sanctuary county
Sen. Rubio has the worst vote attendance record of any Florida senator in nearly 50 years.
Says "the one person (Donald Trump) has suggested that would make a good justice is his sister, who is a court of appeals judge appointed by Bill Clinton. She is a hardcore pro-abortion liberal judge."
President Obama gave Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood one and a half billion dollars.
Says "tanking" Rick Perry's federal tax plan has "huge tax cuts for rich people and big tax hikes for everyone else."
We closed that plant down. It was a $27 million-dollar plant, operating full steam, and we closed it down.
North Korea has a "substantial standing army, one of the largest, certainly the largest per capita, in the world."
A [bank] surveillance camera capturing a criminal's face and other identifiable traits would certainly discourage robbery attempts and serve as a deterrent to robbers.
Recent news reports indicate DWI crashes in Austin dropped 23 percent since ridesharing entered the market.
Florida ranks last in the ratio of employees to residents... And Florida is dead last in the nation in state employee payroll expenditures per resident.
We put a lid on Iran's nuclear program without firing a single shot.
When I was campaigning, I was talking about 18 and 20 years (when) wages effectively went down. Now, for the first time in a long time, they're starting to go up for people.
Obama says he's "put forward a specific $4 trillion deficit reduction plan."
Says Donald Trump "has not apologized" for comments caught on tape by "Access Hollywood."
Virginia's banning of felons from voting is a "Jim Crow-era law."
Investigators: Anthony Bourdain was killed by Clinton operatives.
As Dane County executive, Kathleen Falk raised property taxes by "millions of dollars every year" and approved the second highest increase in the state in 2010.
Even today part of Romney's fortune is invested in China.
The increase in the current state budget was greater than the inflation rate and the rate of population growth in Georgia.
Most state employees did not receive any pay raise from 2009 to 2012.
Congress "is bewildered at the scope and reach of our spying apparatus" but in 2008 and 2012 "explicitly rejected an amendment calling for more disclosure."
Whether in Illinois or Washington, Barack Obama has bridged partisanship to bring about significant reform.
If the legislature refuses to expand Medicaid, "27 states are going to get our money – Virginia taxpayer money – into their states to provide health care for their citizens, paid for by us."
NATO hasn't provided enough troops (in Afghanistan) because they are still angry about us going into Iraq.
Roadside bombs are responsible for 70 percent of casualties in Iraq and these new mine-resistant vehicles can reduce those casualties by two-thirds.
Marco Rubio "supported $800,000 for AstroTurf for a field where he played flag football."
Based on the August 2012 national jobs numbers, "for every person who got a job, nearly four people stopped looking for a job."
Says Barack Obama complained that Democrats continue to ignore blacks except at election time.
U.S. Rep. Scott Rigell "wants gun owners in a federal registration system."
Says that even if his budget is adopted, private schools in the choice program would be getting about half the per-pupil funds that public schools receive
The Murray-Ryan deal "is the first divided-government budget agreement since 1986."
When LBJ started #WarOnPoverty, 14% of Americans lived in poverty. 50 yrs later, 14% still do. There's a #BetterWay.
Says award-winning Milwaukee Public Schools teacher Megan Sampson was laid off because Gov. Scott Walker cut state aid to education.
On torture.
Republicans vote to make it legal nationwide to ban gays and lesbians from adopting.
Crime in Germany is way up.
In 2002, "Iran was more or less an American ally."
Georgia has had 12 school shootings in the two years since the mass killing at Sandy Hook Elementary School, more than any other state.
Says the University of Florida "requests to cancel rivalry game" against Florida State University.
Says Republican opponent Jason Isaac is peddling a plan meaning Texans "would pay the highest sales taxes in America, up to 14.5 percent."
Says Hillary Clinton "wants to go to a single-payer plan" for health care
Congressman Renacci is under FBI investigation.
President Trump has signed more bills into law "than any president previously before at this stage in the game."
In the city of Milwaukee, we've still got a mayor and a police chief who are furloughing police officers at a time when we have violence all across the city.
Says he's signed a pledge not to raise taxes four times.
Says $38 billion in spending cuts in federal budget compromise is "less than $1 billion in real cuts."
Damage by protesters to the Wisconsin state Capitol will cost $7.5 million to repair.
We do not have an overcrowding problem. As a matter of fact, Rhode Island has one of the lowest incarceration rates in the country.
We do have a Trade Deficit with Canada, as we do with almost all countries (some of them massive).
One-third of the gasoline is purchased by out-of-state people in Virginia
Recent record-low water levels in Lake Michigan are evidence that global warming is leading to "the evaporation of our Great Lakes."
Nobody's invited us to the Obama events in Atlanta.
Trey Radel does not even qualify to drive a Lee County school bus at this point, yet he occupies a seat in Congress.
The Democratic health care bill will "collect higher taxes for 10 years and provide health care for only six years."
Obama said he would unilaterally renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement.
Says North Carolina is "home of the largest military installations in the world."
Ann Kuster "supports the government takeover of healthcare, which robs Medicare of over $700 billion."
Says Barack Obama had "huge majorities" in Congress during his first two years in office and "did nothing with them to create jobs in America."
Obamacare covers 24 million fewer people than it was expected to, and the projected price tag has more than doubled at $2 trillion.
Slavery is still allowable under Wisconsin law as long as it's a punishment for a crime.
The CBO says if we raise the minimum wage the way Charlie (Crist) wants to do it, it would lose 500,000 jobs.
Says Mike Enzi is "getting about 84 percent of his campaign funds from Washington-based PACs. That's more than any senator of either party."
It costs a hell of a lot more money to put somebody in jail than send them to the University of Virginia.
President Obama has no plan to reduce the deficit, let alone pay down the debt.
Rick Scott wants to destroy Social Security by privatizing it.
Every piece of legislation, just about, that I ever introduced (in the U.S. Senate) had a Republican co-sponsor.
Mary Landrieu voted to take away your gun rights.
Says Roy Moore said a "practicing Muslim should not be a member of Congress because of his faith."
Vagina. Because apparently, saying that word in the Michigan State House of Representatives can get you a two-day ban from speaking on the floor.
Says "we have now more Border Patrol officers … than we've had at any time in our history."
After today, @GovJayNixon will have been overridden more times than all previous governors in #MO history #moleg
Zika mosquitoes "can't catch me."
Barack Obama ... 96 percent of his votes have been solely along party line.
Most Americans don't own stocks.
Says Bruce Springsteen played in 1975 at Seton Hall University in South Orange at Walsh gym.
During the Monica Lewinsky scandal, the Clintons brought the Rev. Jeremiah Wright to the White House for "spiritual counseling."
There was "serious voter fraud" in Virginia.
Says that Rep. Betty Sutton "would rather riot with Occupy (Wall Street) than stand up for Ohio families."
A law that mandates fingerprinting for gun purchasers is "a requirement that's reduced gun crimes in the five states where it's the law."
Our national debt ... is on track to exceed the size of our entire economy ... in just two more years.
Last year we spent more than $40 billion on highways. And Lord knows we need that. But that's more than we spent on Amtrak in its entire 40-year history.
Says Ron Johnson's company got government loans and a grant to help expand his business
Under the cap-and-trade bill, homes would have to be retrofitted to meet energy and water efficiency standards before they could be sold.
Since February 2009, the private sector has lost millions of jobs while the federal government has grown by hundreds of thousands of workers.
Even when all other state agencies took cuts, Gov. [Nathan] Deal increased education spending every year.
Rhode Islanders pay among the highest auto repair bills in the nation.
Democrat "Russ Feingold announced his Wisconsin Senate run today from…California."
Says Marco Rubio "knows full well I voted for his amendment to increase military spending to $697 billion."
In the early 1980s, Sen. Edward Kennedy secretly offered to help Soviet leaders counter the Reagan administration's position on nuclear disarmament.
Bill Nelson voted to confirm Sonia Sotomayor, "who signed a Supreme Court opinion saying Americans do not have an individual right to own firearms."
Claims that former Sen. Tom Daschle said, "Seniors should be more accepting of the conditions that come with age instead of treating them."
Re: (Marco) Rubio's support of earmark ban: In 2002 alone, he requested 37 earmarks worth $43 million.
Florida doesn't regulate assault weapons or .50 caliber rifles or large-capacity ammunition magazines. It doesn't require a permit to purchase a gun. It doesn't require any registration, whatsoever.
Two million more people just dropped out of Obamacare. It is in a death spiral.
Says Pete Gallego canceled a "planned meeting with the families of Sandy Hook victims."
The last six polls, including this week's Time magazine, show that I beat John McCain by six or seven points.
Before "our last three presidents, you have to go back to the 1800s, early 1800s to find three presidents in a row being consecutively re-elected."
Central Falls "schools are overfunded by state money by as much as $8 million."
Says a manufacturing operation in his hometown that made gunstock for Remington rifles "closed down, we lost those jobs and it's been devastating for my little town."
So that 2005 energy bill was a big step backwards on the path to clean, renewable energy. That's why I voted against it.
Several elected state officials have opened their homes to children in need of loving families.
Says Missouri families' "earning power is about $5,000 less today than it was at the turn of the century."
All the things Patrick (Morrisey) is saying — (that I supported) Hillary Clinton, cap and trade, Planned Parenthood — PolitiFact went through each and every allegation and said, ‘False, False, False, False.' 
Last year the (Medicaid Fraud Control Unit) in Virginia alone recovered over $200 million!
We (Democrats) have made steady progress creating jobs and improving our schools.
Only 20 percent of Americans admit to being Republicans anymore.
Says Cecile Richards recently said there's room in "her movement" for people who personally believe abortion is wrong.
Twenty two years ago, when he was running for governor, Bill Nelson missed 56 percent of his votes in the U.S. House.
Says Donald Trump's use of the term "fake news" to undermine journalism "seems (to have) inspired dictators and authoritarians."
Fidel (Castro) has made his preferences known in the campaign and had some very unkind things to say about me.
Let's talk about the facts and where we are today. There are still nearly 2,600 children who are separated from their parents due to the Trump administration's zero-tolerance policy.
Kavanaugh accuser's husband breaks his silence, exposes ‘sick issue' his wife has.
All legislative mail, from the content to the timing, is approved by the speaker's office.
The United States is "the oldest democracy" in the world.
Since 1961 … our private economy has produced 66 million private-sector jobs. So what's the jobs score? Republicans 24 million, Democrats 42 (million).
Just like Hillary Clinton, Russ Feingold had a "run-in with corruption and scandal by using a personal slush fund -- a.k.a. the Feingold Foundation -- while plotting another run for U.S. Senate."
When you get a commercial pilot's license, you learn to communicate in English no matter where you are in the world.
The actions I'm taking are "the kinds of actions taken by every single Republican president and every single Democratic president for the past half-century."
Says former President Barack Obama "took similar action against Cuban refugees" as President Donald Trump did in his executive order.
Our debt now is about $140,000 per household.
A school uniform policy helps with "school safety, helps with truancy."
No one in Rhode Island -- not just children, no one in Rhode Island -- should eat more than one serving of freshwater fish caught in our state each month.
It will cost $50,000 per enrollee in Obamacare over the next 10 years.
From 1960, the year I was born, until the time I became Governor in 2003, the average two-year increase in Minnesota state spending was 21 percent. … we brought that down dramatically, to about 1.7 percent per year.
Wisconsin's non-discrimination law "doesn't protect members of the trans-gender community."
Says Chris Christie "vetoed Planned Parenthood funding five times over the course of his governorship."
Says Sherrod Brown in 1978 "voted for stricter removal standards (for voter registration) and then enforced them as Secretary of State."
Says opponent Tammy Baldwin ‘has had not one positive ad' in the campaign for U.S. Senate.
Global surface temperatures have been flat for 16 years.
Says Denzel Washington supports Donald Trump and speaks out against Barack Obama.
Under the Obama administration, we are drilling and producing more domestic energy supplies than we ever had before.
Says Rick Perry told students he couldn't attend a gubernatorial forum due to scheduling conflicts, then on forum day "tweeted that he'd just been running with his dog."
Our recent state budgets have far exceeded population and inflation growth.
The CBO now says the president's health care law will cut the number of full-time jobs in the United States by 2.3 million by 2021.
Says North Carolina's replacement for HB2 "orders NC cities to discriminate against LGBT people until at least 2020 and unfair ‘bathroom bans' remain."
Every one of the financial bad management practices that I inherited, every one of them, have either been eliminated or cut significantly.
We knew Strom Thurmond had proposed the amendment that blocked Puerto Rico's use of Chapter 9 bankruptcy protection.
Undocumented students who qualify for in-state Oregon tuition are "actively working toward U.S. citizenship."
Since I introduced my budget -- first budget -- in March of 2010, we've created 50,000 new private-sector jobs for the people of this state.
Says Barack Obama is a Muslim.
Pope Francis uses a modest compact car to get around, while Creflo Dollar drives an expensive sports car.
Says two-thirds of groups targeted for IRS scrutiny were not conservative.
Says Sen. Dianne Feinstein said "if she had 51 votes in the Senate for 'Mr. and Ms. America, turn in all of your guns,' they would do it."
In Georgia, women earn 82 cents for every dollar earned by men.
I've done more impeachments than anybody else in the history of the country.
Most private sector jobs in the history of Buffalo exist in Buffalo today
On whether the federal debt limit should be raised
Raising the minimum wage to $10.10 an hour, "would help lift over a million Americans out of poverty."
Says Chris Koster "fell silent" as attorney general in pursuing a case against a free classified service accused of promoting prostitution after accepting "over $12,000 in campaign contributions' from people affiliated with the service."
Texas is growing twice as fast as the rest of the country.
We have signed more legislation than anybody. We broke the record of Harry Truman.
On support for ethanol mandates
Says 1 in 7 American families is on food stamps.
Every year there is a slightly smaller percentage of American households owning guns.
The Affordable Care Act is the single largest tax increase in my lifetime.
Says Barack Obama "didn't do executive orders in the beginning."
A Republican bill that would change John Doe criminal investigations is "creating exceptions in the law for politicians."
Federal Reserve policies have led to a 69 percent rise in corn prices, 44 percent rise in wheat prices and 15 percent spike in sugar prices over the last year.
We have a guy who is going to be speaker of the House in four years, and his name has been on the ballot one time.
Collusion is not illegal.
Texas has a higher incarceration rate than Russia or Iran.
Says county parties representing more than half the state's Republican voters approved resolutions "demanding changes" in Texas House leadership.
Says the U.S. Postal Service has taken no taxpayer aid since 1971, funds operations entirely from the sale of stamps and related products and makes an "operational profit year after year."
Says Donald Trump's plan to repeal the estate tax would mean the Walmart Walton family would "get a $53 billion tax break."
Barack Obama "said in 2004 there was no difference between (Obama) and George Bush on the war."
When I was Mayor of South Pasadena, we actually reduced the property taxes we collected.
Oregon Rep. Tina Kotek, D-Portland, has "never held a job nor run a business"
As a senator, Hillary Clinton "paid women less than the men" in her office.
Bill White has presided over the construction of what may be the world's largest abortion clinic.
The Las Vegas shooting was the "273rd mass shooting" in the United States so far in 2017.
U.S. Senate candidate Jack Kingston "spent our tax dollars on thousands of wasteful earmarks."
Today, we have more boots on the ground near the Southwest border than at any time in our history.
The White House removed its climate change web page. And the healthcare, civil rights and LGBT sections.
On the pace that we're on with job creation in the last four months ... we will have created more jobs in this year than in the entire Bush Presidency.
When Pepper's tax was finally voted down, Pepper laid off cops and closed jails and let criminals run free in the streets.
On whether the Senate should vote in a timely manner on a Supreme Court nominee.
The Senate version of the health care reform bill "allows taxpayer money to pay directly for abortion in federal community health centers funded in the bill."
Says the Obama administration spent taxpayer dollars on electric cars in Finland (and) windmills in China.
Says that Republicans "bragged about how every bill was going to be paid for, right from the beginning" and that the first vote, the repeal of health care reform, violated that rule.
Said Vin Diesel declared his love of Rockford, Ill., after locals provided him car help and hospitality.
A violent felon can buy (a gun) over the Internet with no background check, no questions asked.
South Korea doesn't pay the United States for U.S. troops that protect their country.
Since the salary for state lawmakers was raised to $79,500, "that purchasing power has now been reduced to $53,000."
Says border patrol agent recently killed in ambush.
In the Wisconsin health insurance exchange, "the Society of Actuaries points out that there'll be, according to them, an 82 percent increase in individual premiums over the next couple years under Obamacare."
The media ... sort of made it sound like I had a feud with the intelligence community.
Last year it was discovered that Rhode Island's public employees ranked 4th in average pay, while the private sector ranked 23rd.
In the event of a U.S. strike on Syria, "the Russians will replace the weapons immediately. They've said it on the record. They've suggested they might even replace it with better stuff."
There are no tax increases in this debt limit bill. Period.
American homeownership rate in Q2 2016 was 62.9% - lowest rate in 51yrs.
After the 9/11 terrorist attacks grounded commercial air traffic, "there was a temperature drop while the airplanes weren't flying, for the week afterwards."
You don't see Norway losing population, and its taxes are astronomical.
It takes almost a year for a refugee to be processed in the United States.
Monica Wehby and Jason Conger are "causing devastating consequences" for nearly 23,000 Oregonians looking for work.
In early voting in Miami-Dade County, "there is a trickle of two or three people a day at a very high cost to keep those public libraries and polls open."
Says "$57,000 is the mean [income] in our state" for a family.
Says Mike DeWine "interfered with and stifled" a sexual harassment investigation and then "eliminated the office that investigated harassment claims within the AG's office."
China has "total control, just about, of North Korea."
In Milwaukee, "murder is up an astonishing 57 percent."
Health care is the greatest contribution to spending increases in the state budget.
Without representation, (the IRS) can increase taxes.
More than half of our unemployed Ohioans have been out of work for six months or more.
Republicans approved 12 times larger tax breaks for "people making over 350 grand" than for "the average middle-class person."
The Affordable Care Act "basically puts a penalty or a tax on employers for every new job they create."
On abortion rights.
Lincoln was fervently making plans to send all freed slaves to the jungles of Central America once the (Civil War) was over. … The only thing that kept this from happening was his assassination.
Says "the most dangerous time for children" is from "3 to 6 p.m., during which time juvenile crime rates triple"
In 2008, Charlie Crist ‘"applauded the pick of Sarah Palin and said she would do ‘a great job.'"
The United States Department of Education has introduced an Islamic indoctrination program for the public schools, called ‘Access Islam.' 
Says U.S. House candidate Carlos Curbelo "opposes the repeal of Obamacare."
Says Barack Obama "supported Ted Kennedy's ammo ban to outlaw all deer-hunting ammunition."
Says more than 8,000 people have supported her campaign as volunteers, donors and advisors and endorsers.
The five states that outlaw collective bargaining for teachers all rank below 44th in the nation in test scores, while Wisconsin ranks 2nd.
false
Says U.S. Sen. Ron Johnson "doesn't even believe that there's a man-made role in climate change."
Says Dino Rossi "stripped" health care "from 45,000 children."
My support from young voters -- those 18 to 24 -- in November 2014 was "largely unheard of for a Republican."
President Barack Obama met with Iranian president Hassan Rouhani.
The United States still ranks 20th in the world in access to broadband -- over 50 percent below the best nations.
White nationalist protesters in Charlottesville "had a permit. The other group didn't have a permit."
Michelle Nunn has praised the Occupy movement.
Medicaid expansion "could cost the Commonwealth of Virginia over $1 billion a year..."
In a government shutdown, "what they are really doing is shutting down our military."
In Texas public schools, "we spend an average of $12,000 per pupil per year."
Says Hillary Clinton "has even deleted this record of total support (for the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade agreement) from her book."
Says direct shipment of wine "makes underage drinking as simple as a mouse click."
GOP candidate for California governor Travis Allen "on the floor vote … refused to join Republicans opposing driver licenses for illegal aliens."
President Obama himself attempted to filibuster Justice Alito, who now sits on the Supreme Court.
A small business in my district needed "31 different permits and fees just to be able to expand."
It's time to remove any statue of Margaret Sanger who was a white suprematist (sic), spoke at kkk events & supported by democrats. #prolife
By the way, I'm not raising tolls 50 percent....Jon Corzine did.
Barack Obama has consistently voted against tougher penalties for criminals.
What is the proper collective noun for a group of baboons? Believe it or not . . . a Congress!
Obama used $20 million in federal money "to emmigrate (sic) Hamas Refugees to the USA."
Says Romney and Bain Capital drove KB Toys into bankruptcy by loading it up with debt.
Barack Obama "passed laws moving people from welfare to work."
Says Libya "Ambassador (Christopher) Stevens sent 600 requests for help" in Benghazi.
You can hire lots of bureaucrats. That's what the president's done. He's added 135,000 people to the government workforce.
A "foreclosure tax" that would take effect in 2013 could mean a high tax bill for those facing foreclosure and millions of families who modified their mortgage or had a short sale through their lender.
Under our (2011-'13) budget, the average (Wisconsin) property taxpayer will save $700.
Because of the health care law, "by 2017, we will be funneling over $100 billion annually to private insurance companies."
John McCain opposed bankruptcy protections for families "who were only in bankruptcy because of medical expenses they couldn't pay."
My "border security efforts have led to a 60 percent decrease in border crime."
Fifty years ago, the average GM employee could pay for a year of a son or daughter's college tuition on just two weeks wages.
While "Arkansas seniors depend on Social Security and Medicare," Sen. Mark Pryor supports an overhaul so they "couldn't get Social Security until they turn 68 or 69."
In fact, if you add up the net wealth of his cabinet, it has more wealth than a third of the American people total -- close to 100 million people.
The U.S. Navy has sailed ships around the world for 60 years with nuclear power plants on them and we've never had an accident.
This incident of supposed feces depicting a swastika on the wall of a bathrooms in one of the halls ... has been supported by zero fact.
Man pardoned by Obama three months ago arrested for murder.
McCain supports tax breaks for companies that ship jobs overseas.
As Bernie Sanders said, Hillary Clinton ‘voted for virtually every trade agreement that has cost the workers of this country millions, millions of jobs.' 
U.S. Rep. Alan Grayson "compared a former vice president to a vampire ... and compared America's health care system to the Holocaust."
Sen. McCain would occupy Iraq indefinitely, against their wishes.
Every time we put a ballot issue on, it costs a million dollars.
But for immigrants, we would have a contracting population...
Says challenger Dominic Chavez is a "Rick Perry Republican" lobbyist.
Texans eat more catfish than residents of all other states combined.
Once the U.S. government signs a U.N. treaty on conventional arms, "all U.S. citizens will be subject to those gun laws created by foreign governments."
Royalties for oil and other energy sources are the "second-largest revenue source to the federal government after the IRS."
He (Obama) has done several things well. Most of those things are places where he changed his view from where he had during the campaign. So, for instance, he's left our troops in Iraq and they're being more successful there. He boosted our effort in Afghanistan, which is the right course to take. He did not close Guantanamo, thank heavens.
An amendment inserted by lawmakers into the state budget "exempts scientific researchers from all state animal cruelty laws."
Says with Jon Corzine, "it's the first time, I think, in history where a former Senator has been subpoenaed to testify before his former colleagues."
Austin is the biggest city in America with a Tier One research university (UT-Austin) but without a medical school.
Says Tampa Bay Lightning hockey player J.T. Brown was "fired after raising fist during national anthem."
Says that "Tennessee law requires that schools receive half of proceeds -- $31 million per year" -- from a half-cent increase in the Shelby County sales tax.
Says the Defense Department shrink-wrapped $10.8 billion in American money, loaded it on 175 pallets and put it on a transport plane to Iraq where they passed out $100 bills and no one has any receipts.
Charlie Crist's "personal approval numbers are plummeting."
Stopped by Smiley Cookie to pick up some great cookies for the family, along with Rudy.
The average 401(k) in America of a person who's 60 years old is under $100,000.
Pope Francis cancels the Bible and proposes to create a new book.
Under legislation that has cleared the Georgia House, some children who are "legal refugees" could obtain state scholarships to attend private schools.
On (the federal minimum wage of) $7.75, you can't even make half the poverty level.
McGinty previously told a local community newspaper in her native Philadelphia that she 'has found an alarming undercurrent of misinformed people in the 'T' part of the state' outside of Philadelphia and Pittsburgh.
Revenues are 15 percent of GDP — it's still in the range of the lowest it's ever been.
Says "the jurisdictions with the strictest gun control laws, almost without exception … have the highest crime rates and the highest murder rates."
Says Republican U.S. Rep. Bob Dold "continues to side with his Republican leadership and the NRA in blocking consideration of a bill that would keep firearms out of the hands of people on the terrorist watch list."
Voting for "any Democrat" gets you "socialism ... undefended open borders ... immediate tax increases ... 100 percent government-run health care ..."
Since June 2009, about 48 percent of all the jobs created in America were in Texas.
Marijuana is a Schedule I drug, "which you understand means that you can't do any research about it."
In the last two years, I have supported and proposed $155 billion worth of targeting cuts. Dr. Gingrey has presented zero.
I'm proud to have had a 100 percent pro-life voting record.
Says South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley "is an immigrant."
Says Bill Nelson "skipped 45 percent of the hearings on national security."
Florida ranks "45th out of 50 states'' for its regulatory climate for business.
Under Mayor Angel Taveras "Providence's bond rating was downgraded from A to BBB, two steps above junk-bond status."
Under economic sanctions, "now Iran is suffering 30 percent inflation, 20 percent unemployment."
A gay man who survived #orlando hate crime can STILL show up to work in FL tomorrow and have his boss fire him simply because he is gay.
When we held recent economic dialogues with China, we agreed on over 100 different things  —  including wildlife trafficking and volcano research. None of these 100-plus points of agreement addressed cybersecurity.
Mequon and Milwaukee have the highest disparity of income in the country.
Let's start with the premise that Rhode Island already has one of the 10 strictest [gun laws] amongst all the states.
A report from the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office "confirms that the American Health Care Act will lower premiums."
The average unemployed American has been out of work for almost 40 weeks.
While Romney was a director of the Damon Corporation, the company was defrauding Medicare of millions.
Ninety percent of the people who work in this country work for companies under 100 people, maybe even less than that.
Says "PTA meetings are now being conducted to help parents tell their kids" that if a guy with an AR-15 walks into their classroom, "you are supposed to create as much chaos as you possibly can. They want you to scream and yell and dance around and throw books and just keep moving."
In countries where there are higher, more strict gun laws, there is more gun violence.
Says he and President Barack Obama have the same position on gay marriage.
I sponsored the amendment that expanded the hours of early voting so that people who have irregular work schedules could vote.
Says it's "estimated that 300 babies a year are sent home from the hospital with an unrecognized congenital heart defect; it is the most common birth defect in America."
Rural schools enroll 40 percent of American children, but receive only 22 percent of federal education funding.
Says John Cornyn dodged the draft during the Vietnam War.
We've got 7.2 percent unemployment (in Ohio), but when you include the folks who have stopped looking for work, it's actually over 10 percent.
Says his job approval poll numbers are "not bad" relative to other presidents at this point in his presidency.
Under John McCain's health care plan, people get a $5,000 tax credit to buy a $12,000 health care policy, and "that's a loss for you."
Woman set to testify against Clintons blown up in home explosion.
It is estimated that every $100 million spent on construction generates 3,000 new jobs.
Says President Barack Obama's "own economists say the stimulus cost $278K per job ‘created.' "
In 2016, there were 5,570 people in Wisconsin "who committed crimes on probation and they were not revoked."
Says a "lawmaker seeks to defund Planned Parenthood for ‘cutting children into small pieces.'"
Ukraine was a nuclear-armed state. They gave away their nuclear arms with the understanding that we would protect them.
Research performed by economists has shown no consistent, positive impact on jobs, income or tax revenues arising from stadiums or sports franchises.
Of "30,000 individuals arrested a year for crimes that are 16 or 17, over 95 percent of them do not result in a criminal conviction. Only 1.5 percent of them ultimately go to state prison."
Says Beto O'Rourke "voted in favor of a $10 a barrel tax on every barrel of oil produced in the state of Texas."
Today, for the first time in fifteen years, Master Lock's unionized plant in Milwaukee is running at full capacity.
When he was Milwaukee County executive, "eight years in a row we pushed through budgets that did not increase the tax levy from the previous year."
Says Scott Walker "said he wouldn't touch" the state civil service system but now supports overhauling it.
Without a Medicaid expansion, 275,000 more Ohioans could be getting their primary care in emergency rooms, costing "everybody a lot of money."
About 22 percent of adults in Rhode Island and approximately 30 percent of youth (ages 10-17) are considered obese.
Says both Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton say Planned Parenthood is "terrific and that it should keep taxpayer funding."
Since Florida passed the "stand your ground" law in 2005, deaths due to self-defense have jumped over 250 percent.
Ben Unger supported a 15 percent property tax increase on Oregon seniors.
Christine Blasey Ford claims that she called a friend on her cell phone after the ‘attack' in or around 1982.
Says Glenn Nye voted "in lock step with Nancy Pelosi" 83 percent of the time.
Says Texas has the 15th largest economy in the world.
Says "over 50 percent of U.S. job growth in June came" from Wisconsin.
We continue to see these isolated incidents of people trying to vote five, six times a day.
I think we're actually ahead on legalizing marijuana for recreational use in New York state.
The 2013-'15 state budget backed by Gov. Scott Walker and Republican lawmakers "left our technical colleges funded at 1989 levels."
Says Stacey Evans "voted for (school) vouchers...in the beginning."
There are many health insurance plans that will cover Viagra but won't cover birth-control medication.
Stimulus tax cuts "began showing up in paychecks of 4.8 million Indiana households about three months ago."
I'm not taking any corporate PAC money.
Many just call him 'Lyin' Ted.' ... His TV ad about John Kasich? Lie! Stations had to pull it off the air.
The Affordable Care Act is "not the law of the land."
The voting public had no say in the Atlanta region's proposed transportation project list.
Florida passes bill legalizing recreational use of marijuana.
The city of Portland has won more national Constitution contests than any city in America.
The war in Iraq was a major factor in blowing "the top off the price of oil."
Says Travis County, home to Austin, is the most liberal county in the United States.
Polls show "Hillary Clinton wins every time with Donald Trump" as her opponent.
A Trump administration proposal for the Interior Department "is the largest investment in our public lands infrastructure in our nation's history."
There are only about 10 people in the United States Senate who have any real business experience.
Floyd Mayweather Jr. donates a whopping sum of money to Houston after hurricane.
A part-time Congress with half the pay would still make $38,000 a year more than the average American family.
Greece is not a big economy. It's about the size of metropolitan Miami.
Says Milwaukee County Executive Chris Abele is a "billionaire."
Under N.Y. State ‘Assault Weapon' ban 1 simple cosmetic change pictured here is difference between legal & banned
1 in 4 Rhode Islanders under the age of 65 does not have health insurance.
Given how expansive our program already was, expanding Medicaid in New Jersey due to Obamacare "was a relatively small expansion."
The top 1 percent in recent years has earned 85 percent of all new income.
Says House Republicans spent $50 million on 33 votes to repeal Obamacare.
Department of Veterans Affairs doctors "are prohibited from recommending medical marijuana."
Savings that I achieved helped fund cameras on the border. "As a result, more than 21,500 arrests have been made and 46 tons of narcotics confiscated."
Says Rick Perry's proposal on driver licenses and high school dropouts has been state law since 1989.
The health care law reduces "the number of uninsured in America by 3 percent for how much money? $2 trillion."
Under Florida's voting law, a requirement to turn in voter registrations within 48 hours "makes it impossible to meet the deadline if you're working right to the end of the week."
We win when voter turnout is high, we lose when it is low.
A strong majority of Americans support the Keystone XL pipeline.
The American people don't want us to raise taxes.
President Obama decided not to meet with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in New York.
Tuition-free public universities and colleges are just a pipe dream. False. They were both free up until the Vietnam War.
Says Obama "refuses to recognize Jerusalem" as the capital of Israel.
The Inland Empire is "the second fastest growing region" for jobs in California.
I went to the Olympics that was out of balance, and we got it on balance.
White people control almost 90 percent of the nation's wealth.
When Charlie Crist was elected governor, Florida ranked 31st in K-12 education. "Last year ... we went from 31st to 14. And this year, the top 10 in America."
The United States is "the only advanced country on Earth" that doesn't guarantee "paid maternity leave to our workers."
Under the new health care law, "all real estate transactions will be subject to a 3.8% Sales Tax"
Says Texas routinely gets "a lot more federal spending" than it pays in taxes.
After four years of a celebrity president … 85% (of recent college grads are) moving back in with their parents.
Nearly 46 million Americans don't have health insurance coverage today.
The number of killings of citizens by police is at a two-decade high.
An iron ore mine in northern Wisconsin could operate for 100 years and generate billion of dollars in economic activity.
Teenage births cost Texas taxpayers $1.1 billion in health care, foster care and lost tax revenue in 2010 alone.
Says taxpayer subsidy for the Oregon Convention Center hotel jumped $100 million in closed-door sessions
Taxpayer money will provide iPod Touch devices to high school students in Utah, BlackBerry smart phones to smokers who kick the habit and funding for a study of exotic ants in East Africa.
Today, we have two Vietnams, side by side, North and South, exchanging and working.
Voting in the wrong precinct led to over 14,000 registered voters statewide to lose their vote in 2008.
Fifty percent of our new Texas "teachers don't have college degrees."
3,000 teachers lost their jobs when (Crist) was governor.
Alabama is operating government on the lowest amount of tax revenue of any state in the nation.
The price of gasoline was at $1.85 a gallon when President Barack Obama took office and has since nearly doubled because of his policies
Ohio has lost more population than every other state in the country except for two.
Wisconsin was the "first state to ban public and private sector employment discrimination based on sexual orientation."
The federal government "now tells us which light bulbs to buy."
Says Patrick Morrisey "ran for Congress in NJ as pro-choice."
Barack Obama's network of small donors constitutes a "parallel public financing system."
Fox News uses photo of a married couple promoting ‘traditional marriage' and the photo is actually of a same-sex couple.
Says that under President Barack Obama's health care law, "your insurance" premiums could go up by 200 percent and cost "as much as a new Explorer."
Seth Magaziner "plans to spend billions more of your money."
Fifteen out of the 20 most polluted cities in the world are in India and China.
Apple and Amazon already operate in many states that require levels of voter ID.
Perpetrators of school shootings "have been drugged in many cases … many of these young boys have been on Ritalin since they were in kindergarten."
Jim Renacci "voted repeatedly to end Medicare."
Joe Biden just confirmed that he is running for president in 2020 and it has America applauding!
Says it's not possible for some Wisconsin residents to watch Packers games, "they're forced to watch Viking games," so he "got a law passed to fix" the problem.
The top 25 hedge fund managers (are) making more than all of America's kindergarten teachers combined.
Says Texas "high school graduation rates are at all-time highs."
Only 20 colleges and universities "have athletic departments with revenue exceeding expenses."
Lake Erie supports nearly 10 percent of Ohio's jobs and generates $750 million in state and local taxes.
Since President Obama took full control of Washington, every day, 13,000 more people "have been put on food stamps."
More astronauts have been to the moon than farmers who paid the inheritance tax in 2013.
Before April 22, "we have restored the rights of more than 18,000 individuals, which is more than the past seven governors combined in their four-year terms."
Says his Patient OPTION Act is the only Republican plan "that completely repeals Obamacare and it takes the federal bureaucrat out of decisions for you."
When we go to vote, they ask for driver's license and verify that you are a voter and a citizen in the state of Texas.
Florida's "high school graduation rates continue to increase at the fastest rate in the nation, with Florida leading the nation in the rate of Hispanic graduates."
Application for March for Our Lives permit was made months before Parkland shooting
California won't let law enforcement officers like you and your people transfer prisoners to ICE custody or even to communicate with ICE that you're about to release them from your custody — people that ICE is looking for.
Says Obama is only president in history who has deliberately removed the words "endowed by their Creator" when referring to the Declaration of Independence.
McCain is "raising campaign cash with one of (Jack) Abramoff's closest business partners: scandal-plagued conservative activist Ralph Reed."
Says Russ Feingold said that with Obamacare, "we could keep our doctors and our plans, it was rated as the Lie of the Year."
Health insurance premiums "have almost doubled ... since 2000."
Says opponents of proposed Austin school district bonds say the district's "debt load doubles with these new bonds."
Under the Republican tax bill, President Donald Trump "and his family would walk off with more than a billion dollars personally."
Says Luke Messer and Todd Rokita "voted to fast-track Obama's trade deals."
On average it takes 300 Americans working for a solid year to make as much money as one top CEO.
Georgia had the worst job losses in state history under GOP watch.
Forty percent of gross domestic product "is state, local, or federal money."
Says Florida's pension plan faces the same long-term funding problems as Social Security.
A study by the National Economics Research Association showed that the (Paris climate) deal could cost 2.7 million lost jobs in the U.S. by 2025 should our country adhere to the commitments made by the Obama Administration.
Donald Trump is appealing as much to Democrats as he is to Republicans.
While Exxon Mobil has 40 pages on its media response strategy, its plan for resource protection is only five pages long and its plan for oil removal is just nine pages long.
Ken Buck wants to "outlaw abortion, even in cases of rape or incest."
Who will raising the minimum wage actually help? … More than half work full-time. The average worker is 35 years old.
Says Obama "called Kagan a moderate. He called Sotomayor a moderate."
George H.W. Bush has died at 94.
Says Dan Feehan "would vote with Pelosi for open borders and amnesty, putting Minnesota families at risk."
Says Ronald Reagan "talked about" converting the United States to the metric system.
Says "MAX carries 30 percent of evening rush-hour commuters traveling from Downtown on the Sunset and Banfield freeways."
Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani "was never sentenced to stoning."
Thanks to our policies, "for the first time in state history, we have put millions of dollars into our rainy day fund in consecutive years."
On Oct. 7, the Access Hollywood tape comes out. One hour later, WikiLeaks starts dropping my emails.
Says 1,000 World War II veterans die every day.
Today we stand as the highest-performing urban school district in America.
Obama "suggested bombing Pakistan."
Marco Rubio spent $400K of your tax dollars remodeling offices, and building a members-only lounge.
Fox changed around their poll eligibility criteria on the day they announced who is in and out of their debate.
Says state Sens. Greg Evers, Nancy Detert and Charles Dean "got a failing grade from conservatives."
Says Hillary Clinton "abided by the ethics agreement" between the Clinton Foundation and the Obama administration.
Revealed: UN plan to flood America with 600 million migrants.
When Sen. Edwards ran in 2004, he wasn't for universal health care. I'm glad he is now.
Violent crimes where a firearm is used have remained static since 2013 in both New York State and Erie County
There was no panhandling when I left office.
Says "(Barack) Obama's mother-in-law charged with larceny and fraud."
In the Paula Jones case, Bill Clinton paid an "$850,000 penalty."
Says Adam Hasner said he will never accept a pay increase, but he voted to raise his pay four times.
Tammy Baldwin "opposed displaying the flag and reciting the Pledge of Allegiance or singing the National Anthem in our classrooms."
Milwaukee County taxpayers paid $370,000 to settle a lawsuit over a decision by Sheriff David A. Clarke Jr. to use "untrained corrections officers" rather than deputies to patrol the lakefront.
On the mosque near ground zero.
Only three in 10 Texas doctors are currently accepting new Medicaid patients.
We didn't go out and take information from the Hillary Clinton campaign.
I have little doubt that we've moved into recession at this point.
Team Trump has accused Ted Cruz of fraud in Iowa, Texas, Colorado, Oklahoma, Louisiana, Kansas, Maine, Utah and Wisconsin."
An illegal immigrant who gains admission at a public college takes class space away from students who are legal residents.
Says her congressional district has 10,000 medical-device industry jobs and 1,000 will be lost because of health-care law tax.
In 1952, the corporate income tax accounted for 33 percent of all federal tax revenue. Today, despite record-breaking profits, corporate taxes bring in less than 9 percent.
About 85 percent of hotel guests who will pay the new $5 hotel/motel fee will be from outside Georgia.
Medicare "only has about 50 percent of it paid for by either premiums or payroll taxes, and the rest is deficit spending ... or debt spending."
In Libya, "America spent $2 billion total and didn't lose a single life."
States have cumulatively cut over $1.8 billion from their mental health services between 2009 and 2011. This is the largest reduction in state mental health services in half a century.
The vast majority of our international commitments take effect without congressional approval.
Says Sen. Jon Tester "believes that we should have a national registration so that the people of Montana should have to ask permission before they purchase a gun, ask permission from the federal government."
Millions could lose their health care coverage and be forced into a government pool under the new health care law.
Dubai is the only country with huge amounts of imported workers that's actually passed legislation to give these immigrant workers a better deal in the Middle East.
The Chinese government provides their people no access to the Internet.
Says Queen Elizabeth said, "Muslim refugees are dividing nationality, I fully agree with Donald Trump we should deport them to avoid bloody terrorist attacks."
Ohio's electricity rates are 10 percent below the national average.
Says Barack Obama didn't keep his promise to have an immigration bill in his first year.
The Democrats are very sly. … (in New Hampshire) we have same day voter registration, and to be honest, when Massachusetts elections are not very close, they're busing them in all over the place.
In her campaign for president, Hillary Clinton has received $100 million in contributions from Wall Street and hedge funds.
[A] 2009 USDA study found that 87 percent of chicken carcasses tested positive for generic E. coli ... just prior to packaging.
Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton are negotiating with the United Nations about doing a treaty that will ban the use of firearms.
Twenty-four percent of doctors in Virginia currently don't accept new Medicaid patients because the reimbursement rates are so low.
Says Gov. John Kasich can remove the president of the State Board of Education.
In Flint, Mich., "the pipes still haven't been replaced. The water is still poisoned."
Says Dan Patrick "supported giving a $5,000 taxpayer-funded voucher to every family to buy a car."
The Buffett Rule "will bring in less than $5 billion per year. ... Enough to pay one week's interest on the national debt."
Nothing in the Constitution explicitly guarantees our right to vote.
NAFTA, supported by the Secretary (Clinton), cost us 800,000 jobs nationwide.
A new poll shows 62 percent support the president's plan to reform health care. That means ... letting you choose between keeping the private insurance you have and a public health insurance plan.
Ultimately, after an exhaustive investigation, the National Transportation Safety Board concluded that a Minneapolis bridge collapsed in 2007 "because of an original design flaw dating back to the 1960s."
I've never supported legislation that invades people's choices about contraception.
Says 11 percent of the nation's fatal car crashes in 2009 were attributed to distracted driving.
Senator Obama has, in fact, never had a serious Republican challenger.
When one person sneezes, it goes all the way through the aircraft.
Says that in fiscal year 2010, "nearly 80 percent of women served" in the Texas Women's Health Program received services from a provider other than a Planned Parenthood clinic.
Red Hen owner just issued sick threat to Sarah Sanders
I can say that the people that have been hired (for the independent Russia investigation) are all Hillary Clinton supporters, some of them worked for Hillary Clinton.
An all-female construction company built the Florida bridge that collapsed.
Who's really behind Jeanne Ives' campaign for governor? Mike Madigan's corrupt insider machine. They've bankrolled her campaign with thousands in shady labor union cash, turning Ives into another Madigan lackey.
We paid down the debt for four years -- paid down $600 billion on the national debt.
Barack Obama appeared in the video for 'Whoomp! (There it is!)'
Hillary Clinton leaves the country as Mueller indictment is announced.
Says former Clinton budget director Alice Rivlin said the stimulus bill "won't actually stimulate the economy."
We had a massive landslide victory, as you know, in the Electoral College.
Says Hillary Clinton "makes more per hour at a speaking gig than the average CEO does in a year."
The United States is 65th out of 142 nations and other territories on equal pay.
Annexation would lead to overcrowding at Decatur's city schools.
I authorized Zero access to White House (actually turned him down many times) for author of phony book! I never spoke to him for book.
Mr. President, multiple times from your administration there have come statements that Republicans have no ideas and no solutions on health care.
Florida's economy "became a bad economy ... because of a huge spike in oil prices in the summer of 2008."
Six convictions are connected to an allegation by prosecutors "that Gov. Scott Walker is at the center of a criminal scheme."
There was no surge in 501(c)(4) applications in 2010.
A federal judge said President Barack Obama's executive action on immigration is "unconstitutional."
Under President Barack Obama: 4 million jobs lost, unemployment rose from 7.8% to 9.9%, the S&P 500 was 1,115.1 and the GDP went down 2.8%.
The town of Cumberland has "its highest bond rating in history."
The U.S. gun homicide rate is 20 times the combined rate of other western nations.
We have over a million (legal immigrants) a year, more than at any time in the history of this country. We have the largest percentage of immigrants, almost tied now with the historical high as a percentage of immigrants living in this country.
Sarah Palin in a coma after hit and run.
On federal stimulus money for expanding rail service.
Says his bill, HB 97, would prevent the use of taxpayer dollars on abortions.
Brazil built a $300 million stadium in the Amazon rainforest that "is only going to be used for four World Cup games," and there's no team "that can fill it afterwards."
Under Gov. John Kasich's budget proposal, "the top one percent in Ohio will pay $10,000 less in income tax each year, but Ohio's working and middle class families will pay more."
Florida's legal challenge of the federal health care bill is "bipartisan."
Says that in 2001, Rick Perry spoke favorably of binational health insurance between Mexico and Texas.
We're … getting into the pool of the 100 million people that are not working. That pool is now coming back.
Says U.S. Rep. Steve Southerland "voted himself health care for life."
Says his office "has already recovered over $2 billion from Wall Street for the workers, retirees, and investors who were harmed."
The health care reform law "offset[s] 6 years of benefits with 10 years of tax increases."
And delivered more tax relief than the other Republicans combined.
Metro Atlantans spend "over an hour every day" or "five hours a week" commuting, for a total of "260 hours a year."
In 20 years there will be enough Muslim voters in the U.S. to elect the president by themselves.
Says George Washington said a free people should be armed to guard against government tyranny.
If Senator Clinton or John McCain had stood up in previous years for increases in fuel efficiency standards . . . then we would not be in this same situation in the first place.
Bryce Reeves chaired a group bankrolled by a New York billionaire who fired hundreds of Virginia workers and sent their jobs to China.
Says Tennessee has some of the lowest beer excise tax rates in the country.
Rick Perry "has never lost an election and remains the only person to have won the Texas governorship three times in landslide elections."
[Appalachian Power] wants another 10 percent rate increase. The compensation package for CEO Mike Morris rose 22 percent to $8.7 million in 2010.
Creeping defense commitments in (the Middle East) and globally now consume over half the U.S. discretionary budget annually.
Virginia is "the only state" that has a tradition of attorneys general resigning if they run for governor.
The Republicans "still want to privatize (Social Security). In fact, their whole idea is to turn over the Social Security trust fund to Wall Street."
Says Measures 82 and 83 authorize just one more casino.
Says more Republicans than Democrats voted for the Wall Street bailouts.
We've spent more money on the military than the next 12 nations combined.
Says that despite a recent increase in school funding, Scott Walker "has taken over a billion dollars from the public schools."
Says Hillary Clinton "has been saying lately that she thinks that I am, 'not qualified to be president.' "
Within the three miles surrounding the University Circle area, infant mortality exceeds some Third World countries.
Barron Trump was born in March 2006 and Melania wasn't a legal citizen until July 2006. So under this executive order, his own son wouldn't be an American citizen.
The federal government has made investments in science and technology inventing the products that led to the creation of Google.
Clinton has "raised the most money from Washington lobbyists ... from the health industry, drug companies, health insurance companies (and) the defense industry."
Pasco County "opened 22 new schools over six years to keep pace with growth in student population and implement the class size amendment."
The Latino unemployment rate is higher than the white rate and the black rate is higher than the Latino rate.
Before World War II, very few people actually had health insurance.
The United States doesn't have the highest murder rate among developed countries. You look at Russia, you look at Brazil, those are countries that have 3 to 5 times higher murder rates than what we have here in the United States.
The majority of (the American people) voted for a Democratic House.
'Caravan' Migrant Army Paint Swastika on American Flag, Burn It in the Street.
Virginia women earn "only 79 cents to each dollar earned by men..."
Obamacare ... will kill jobs across America.
half true
The cost-saving measures we put into place at Columbia/HCA drove down national health care inflation from 18% to 8% in seven years.
While the government grew, we lost more than 2 million jobs.
President (Ronald) Reagan did a similar thing. George H.W. Bush did a similar order as former President Barack Obama's Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA.
Opinion polls show that the majority of Americans, and the majority of New Jerseyans, favor marriage equality for same sex couples.
Schools in Austin Independent School District are teaching children as young as 4 years old that their gender is fluid – that they're not a boy or a girl and they can choose whichever gender they want.
Some 500 detainees were released from Guantanamo during the Bush administration.
Wendy Davis has already taken more $ from teacher unions than the past 3 Democrat gubernatorial candidates combined.
Thirty-four of the last 44 (debt ceiling increases) have been for less than a year. So, this notion that short-term is somehow the exception, it's actually the rule.
In America, "more people die from" prescription narcotic painkillers "than from heroin and cocaine combined."
Says Charlie Crist "voted against raising the minimum wage."
In Wisconsin, "300,000 voters were turned away by the state's strict voter ID law" in the 2016 presidential election.
One hundred and ninety-four countries signed the Paris Agreement to control greenhouse gases. Our own voluntary agreement to accomplish the same goal — the Under2 MOU — has 165 signatories, representing a billion people.
Texas ranks 49th in per-pupil funding among the states.
Bill White "is discriminating. He's taking jobs from African Americans and giving them to his friends."
We have the lowest percentage of Americans actually holding a job in 40 years.
Says that Sherrod Brown is an "Obama rubber stamp" for "supporting the job-killing cap and trade plan."
Say Lance Armstrong is dead.
Mary "Burke's record: 130,000 fewer jobs."
US: Change in Income, 2009-13. Top 1%: +31.4%. Bottom 99%: +0.4%.
As long as I have served . . . This is the first time every single solitary decision has required 60 senators.
Americans spend 6.1 billion hours a year complying with tax law. It costs us $163 billion to comply with our tax laws annually.
Franklin Roosevelt never allocated more than 12 percent of GDP to federal spending, while the percentage for Barack Obama is not projected to drop below 22.8 percent.
The refusal of many federal employees to fly coach costs taxpayers $146 million annually.
I am the only (state attorney general) in America fighting to hold the big tech companies accountable for their behavior.
One out of every three automobile fatalities can be attributed to alcohol.
In the first year of the Obama administration, more jobs were created in the private sector than in the eight years of the Bush administration.
Delta Airlines is offering free airline tickets for people who take a short survey
Increasing the bottle deposit to 10 cents on a case of water bottles could literally double the price of that product in the store.
mostly true
The United States (is) the largest provider of humanitarian assistance to displaced persons and refugees.
Says "over 40 percent of recent county bonds are for Precinct One, northeast Travis County," because he "is quick to identify projects that help make the East Side a desirable place to live."
Now, I also support the Bush tax cuts. Sen. McCain voted against them originally. He now believes they should be made permanent. I'm glad he agrees they should be made permanent.
United States students are achieving at number 25 out of 29 developing countries when it comes to science and math.
Cobb is one of the largest school systems (in the nation) that is debt free.
There is a precedent for not nominating someone to the U.S. Supreme Court "in the middle of a presidential election."
One half of federal spending goes to Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid while the other half goes to other programs funded with money "borrowed from a foreign land."
Says Joe Donnelly "voted to grant amnesty to millions of illegal immigrants, including criminals, drunk drivers, domestic violence, and worse."
I'm well aware that medical marijuana is a recognized, medical, viable treatment for this sort of [pancreas] pain condition.
When President Franklin D. Roosevelt started Social Security, "it only affected widows and orphans," and when Medicare began, "it was a small program."
The Republican Party raffled off an AR-15 assault rifle at the 2010 Oregon State Fair.
Rick Perry thinks "injecting 11- and 12-year-old girls with a controversial drug (the HPV vaccine), without a parent's consent, is a good idea."
First, he said he would take all of our troops out in six months, and now he acknowledges it would take a year.
The Trans-Pacific trade deal could cost America 448,000 more jobs.
The Republicans are proposing to pay for their giant tax cut to the rich by gutting Medicare and Medicaid.
San Juan city council votes unanimously to impeach Trump-hating mayor.
Sixty-two percent of all personal bankruptcies are "caused by medical problems."
Says Claire McCaskill "has had Chuck Schumer spend more dark money for her than for any senator in America. $16 million and counting!"
Public schools, colleges and state-funded day care centers "will be made into sanctuaries by Bruce Rauner signing SB 31."
Matt Rosendale supports plans that don't have to cover (pre-existing conditions).
Says in 1944 "we were in debt more than twice as much as we are now."
Guantanamo has "never been a key component of ISIS or al-Qaida propaganda."
The president promised to close the space gap, but he now seems intent on repeating the events that created the space gap in the first place -- putting in place a new rocket design and then trying to underfund the effort...
Solyndra "had robots that whistled Disney songs. I'm not kidding."
The government "made accommodation to the Fort Hood shooter to let him grow a beard" for religious reasons.
Due to the war in Iraq, "4,400 Americans are dead, 30,000 severely wounded and more than 100,000 are suffering from serious health problems related to post traumatic stress syndrome."
Says Gov. Rick Perry is “by far and away the highest-paid state employee on an hourly basis.”
Says Colorado food stamp recipients can use ATMs to get cash to buy marijuana.
Says North Carolina Republican Senate candidate Thom Tillis "called Obamacare ‘a great idea.' "
The majority of people travelling to these destination resorts are not going for the primary purpose of gambling.
The GOP health bill "would once again allow being a rape or domestic violence victim to be a pre-existing condition."
Repeal of Obamacare would "take away health care for 10.3 million Americans" who have received coverage since Oct. 1, 2013.
Says Barack Obama "said black males are two times more likely to be shot by a law enforcement officer than white males" and "that is a lie" because "there is no data."
John McCain's tax plan will give no reduction "for 100-million American families."
Says U.S. Rep. Martin Heinrich "spent a trillion of our tax dollars on a stimulus for failed companies here and jobs overseas."
Says a "Pro-Stimulus economist admits it is not working … "
The group that organized Texas Muslim Capitol Day in Austin "was recently listed as one of 82 organizations designated as a terrorist group by the United Arab Emirates."
Barack Obama issued a decree "demanding that every public school now allow grown men and boys into the little girls' bathroom."
On supporting the charter school amendment.
The president said he was going to create daylight between ourselves and Israel.
Ninety million Americans either aren't working or aren't looking for work.
All four on Mount Rushmore, they were all independents at one critical point in their career.
Rhode Island: 3% bigger at low tide.
An "Obamacare slush fund" paid to spay and neuter dogs and cats, then counted it as an "anti-obesity campaign."
A Texas law says "that you can't shoot bears out of the second floor of a window."
Because of Obamacare, Medicare is going broke.
Says indoor workers get "less UV than outdoor workers, but they get more melanomas."
We've spent $6 trillion on the wars in the Middle East.
She [Hillary Clinton] has also said unequivocally that she didn't receive classified documents.
Discretionary spending has "increased over 20-some percent in two years if you don't include the stimulus. If you put in the stimulus, it's over 80 percent."
Ten years ago the Austin Water Utility used a total of 240.3 million gallons. Every summer since then our peak day of water use has been lower.
Dollar General "added 2,500 stores and 20,000 jobs" during his four-year tenure as CEO.
The debt is "nearly $6 trillion more than when President Obama was sworn into office."
Under Scott Walker, Wisconsin "moved from 16th to third in percentage of people with student loan debt."
In the wake of the Republican-backed tax bill, "more than 100,000 American workers have already been laid off in 2018."
President Clinton "reduced the scale of our military dramatically."
In Georgia, "hard-earned lottery dollars are doled out to the scion[s] of wealthy families."
From the release of a child rapist from the Dominican Republican to that of an Italian drug smuggler, Philadelphians have already been put in direct danger by Mayor Kenney's policy of blocking local law enforcement from participating with federal immigration authorities.
Graduation and third-grade reading scores are up in the state since I took office.
Since 1904, the Ohio victor has won the presidency 25 out of 27 times 
Kathryn Starkey "joined forces with liberal Democrats on a historic sales tax hike."
Money raised to help (Beto) O'Rourke get elected is being used to fund migrants. This is clearly breaking campaign finance laws.
When I became governor, I inherited a large deficit. You know what? We just turned that into the largest surplus in Virginia history.
McCain opposed a requirement that the government buy American-made motorcycles. And he said all buy-American provisions were quote 'disgraceful.' 
The first installment of health care reform ... will raise the deficit by $250 billion.
Says "Patrick Murphy was named one of America's least effective congressmen."
Burger King admits to using horse meat in burgers, Whoppers.
At the State of the Union address, Democrats, "even on positive news … were like death and un-American. Un-American. Somebody said, ‘treasonous.' I mean, yeah, I guess, why not? Can we call that treason? Why not?"
The stimulus bill includes "$300,000 for a sculpture garden in Miami."
Congressman Kasich wants to use our tax dollars to give secret bonuses to his corporate friends.
Our country's got this huge debt, and (President Barack) Obama says raise taxes and keep spending more.
Ballistic tests have confirmed that the death of at least one U.S. Border Patrol agent was caused by weapons that were part of a federal arms trafficking operation.
You have almost half the counties in America that have one provider or no provider for insurance on the Obamacare exchanges.
Says Oregon state employees received a "catch-up" pay raise in 1981 -- just two years after they agreed not to take a raise in exchange for a retirement benefit.
During Obama's first five years as president, black unemployment increased 42 percent. During Reagan's presidency, black unemployment dropped 20 percent.
You've got thousands of people serving in the military who are transgender.
Says the U.S. Supreme Court found that "Social Security is not guaranteed."
Says North Carolina Rep. Renee Ellmers was the only Republican to vote against "an amendment to prioritize the deportation of sexual criminals who are illegal immigrants."
The number of people in Atlanta dying from HIV and AIDS declined 59 percent between 2004 and 2012.
The incidents of threats against (President Barack Obama) are greater than for any other president in modern times.
When Josh Mandel claims to have accepted three debates with Sen. Sherrod Brown, he is lying. He has accepted ZERO proposed debates.
The very first meal on the surface of the moon was the Holy Communion.
Says Texas has "the fourth-lowest debt per capita of any state in the nation, and we are the lowest of any of the big states."
Credit agency says Rep. Gibbs recklessly caused downgrade, higher interest rates.
Tulsa school closes after brutal fire.
On eliminating the influence of money in policy campaigns
On repealing the 17th Amendment
Chile ranks third internationally in economic freedom, while the U.S. ranks 17th.
Based on current trends, "15.5 million girls will be married in the next 16 years as children."
Says Maggie Hassan was "out of state on 30 days over the last three months."
Says that under the Obamacare law, health insurance "premiums have increased by more than 105 percent since" 2013.
Ted Cruz had a net worth of $500K when he entered the Senate in 2012. Now he's worth $4.6 million. Pretty impressive for a guy with a $174K salary.
This is not a joke: the president wants to house illegal aliens on our nation's military installations.
Do you know which state has the worst ratio of white voter turnout to African-American voter turnout? Massachusetts. Do you know what has the best, where African-American turnout actually exceeds white turnout? Mississippi.
Women fill two-thirds of minimum wage jobs.
Annual water usage in 2010 was actually down more than 18 percent from usage in 2006.
There is not "one of the Muslim nations" that doesn't have "discrimination against women, discrimination against gays, subjugation of other religious beliefs."
If Buehler were elected, our vote-by-mail system would be at risk.
Do you know that New York State pays out way more than they ever get back?
Stacey Abrams burning the flag of the state she seeks to serve as Governor.
Says as GOP was picking a convention city, "I recommended Ohio."
Say Socialist candidate Norman Thomas said in 1944 that the Democratic Party had adopted the Socialist platform.
A trip to Mar-a-Lago costs taxpayers approximately $3.6 million, according to a Government Accountability Office report.
And over the last six years, Chicago's economy has grown faster than the economies of New York City, Washington, D.C., or the national average.
The CIA paid two psychologists $81 million "to develop and run their torture program."
A gallon (of gasoline) delivered to the front lines for our troops in Afghanistan cost more than $400.
Says "Donald Trump and Mike Pence want to gamble with your retirement benefits in the stock market."
Austin is "a city that has basically doubled in size every 25 years or so since it was founded."
The wives of the 9/11 hijackers "knew exactly what was happening" and went back to Saudi Arabia two days before the attacks to watch their husbands on television flying the planes.
(Strickland) raised taxes last year to the tune of $840 million.
Says over the last two years, New Jersey Schools Development Authority employees "have not started or completed one single school project, and I'm not talking about major school renovation. I'm talking about replacing boilers, roofs."
There currently are 825,000 student stations sitting empty across Florida in every district and at every grade level.
In Iraq, "violence is down to an all-time low" since the start of the war.
(Romney's) record was that he raised taxes by $730-million.
The Chamber of Commerce says new carbon regulations will kill "244,000 jobs a year" and cost average families "$1,200 a year."
Do you know those former Soviet Bloc countries have all moved to flat taxes?
Says Gov. Scott Walker "has caused Wisconsin to lose more jobs than any other state in the country."
The city (of St. Louis) is no stranger to violence. There were 5,762 violent crimes in 2015 alone, including 188 homicides. The highest rate per capita in the country, according to FBI crime statistics.
Sen. Obama's chair in New Hampshire is a lobbyist. He lobbies for the drug companies.
We're spending $1 trillion a year on our foreign policy.
Says Patrick Murphy wrongly conveyed Rubio's stance on abortion for women infected by Zika.
Says the unemployment rate for college graduates is 4.4 percent and over 10 percent for noncollege-educated.
The CBO says the cost of health care reform will rise to $1.8 trillion, "increasing the price to far greater than the $900 billion" originally projected.
Says he has supported "George Bush more than I have Barack Obama."
Says he created "over 500,000 new jobs -- with a surge in female employment last month."
Has created 60,000 net new jobs since taking office.
Obama's position on nuclear arms is a "march toward global zero."
false
Obama did in fact unconstitutionally spy on Trump throughout the presidential election.
NASA scientists fudged the numbers to make 1998 the hottest year to overstate the extent of global warming.
California's Prop 60, which would require condom use in adult films, would put "workers in the adult film industry at risk for lawsuits and harassment."
Obama unilaterally announced he was delaying employer mandate "through a blog post by a mid-level bureaucrat at the Department of Treasury."
It's expressly prohibited by law that you can read and wholly surveil domestic email traffic in the United States.
Says she made an "accurate prediction" that if Barack Obama were elected it would encourage Russia to invade Ukraine.
Officials at Hyperloop One have referred to the route as one of the best they've ever seen.
We also have, in a park that's not far from here, an ability to build a reservoir that can hold a 30-day water supply for the city of Atlanta.
The education tax burden for Shelby County -- and Tennessee -- is "one of the lowest in the country."
Japanese whaling crew eaten alive by killer whales, 16 dead.
Manufacturing is having its best employment year in almost 15 years.
Fourth grade reading and math scores, first in the nation. Eighth grade reading, first. High school AP classes and college education, both ranked first in the nation.
Trump Management was charged with discriminating against African-Americans and breaking federal law.
On the propriety of budget reconciliation.
Under Obama's budget plan, families making over $250,000 are "going to lose their mortgage deduction, their charitable deductions."
Household incomes are down more than $4,000 since the year 2000.
When the Fair Tax becomes law, it will be like waving a magic wand releasing us from pain and unfairness.
Hillary interned with Bob Treuhaft, the head of the California Communist Party.
Thanks to the Obama administration's negotiations, Iran's nuclear program will be under lock, key and camera 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.
It's now constitutional to ban [assault weapons] in Illinois. Yet, the Illinois General Assembly has failed to allow other cities to have that opportunity.
Wow, highest Poll Numbers in the history of the Republican Party. That includes Honest Abe Lincoln and Ronald Reagan.
I did not support the war in Iraq … The record shows that I'm right.
Zero percent of kids in Cairo are college-ready.
When I become the nominee, the Democratic nominee, I will be the only pro-choice candidate on the ballot.
We invite SNL viewers to Vermont to see all that we have to offer, including our increasingly diverse communities... The leaves are changing and so is Vermont.
FBI Uniform Crime Report for 2016 shows more than four times as many people were stabbed to death than were killed with rifles of any kind.
Says Chris Dudley thinks Oregon's minimum wage is too high.
It is simply a fact that insufficient funding for Amtrak has delayed the installation of a positive train control safety system. "To deny a connection between the (derailment in Philadelphia) and underfunding Amtrak is to deny reality."
The stimulus has "$30 million in there to protect mice in San Francisco."
Politicians and their corporate lobbyists are trying to take away my right to spend my paycheck how I want.
Says Houston's 18th congressional district has been “gentrified” and is home to “more Anglos than African Americans.”
On three occasions, judges had to stop Jason Kander from manipulating elections.
By 2014, there will be one administrator for every teacher on college campuses in the United States.
Every other major country has family paid leave.
There are "high administrative costs" when you donate to Haiti relief through the White House Web site.
In our community college system (state) cuts have reduced funding per student by $1,908.
Over half of the young people in medical, dental and law schools are women.
Taking all the money of the top 1 percent wouldn't keep Medicare going for three years.
Some of the colleges, including A&M, have already guaranteed that they will not increase their tuition.
On whether he wrote a provision that allowed AIG to dole out bonuses.
$65 billion "would be added to the deficit if we keep the cuts for people on the highest incomes."
U.S. Sen. John McCain "was singlehandedly responsible for starting a fire on (the) USS Forrestal aircraft carrier."
Says President Barack Obama "added" $6.5 trillion to the national debt in his first term, more than the $6.3 trillion added by the previous 43 presidents combined.
If you read the Arizona (immigration) law, what it says is if you are stopped for violating the law and they have a suspicion that you're illegal, they can ask you if you're legal.
In labor negotiations with city employees, Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett "demanded concessions that went beyond those mandated" by Gov. Scott Walker's collective bargaining law
Law enforcement in the state of Arizona supports the state's new immigration law.
Seventy-two percent of Georgians did not have a chance to finish college.
Under Barack Obama's health care proposal, "if you've got a health care plan that you like, you can keep it."
Says Barack Obama is a socialist.
For the new state budget, "Floridians have sent us $3 billion less of their funding."
There hasn't really been a lot of net growth in the federal workforce when you compare it to say, 1990.
Gun "marketplaces" on Facebook mean "ANYONE can broker a deal on a gun online, meet the seller in a parking lot somewhere, and walk away with a weapon."
The White House budget plan will bring domestic discretionary spending to its lowest share of our economy since Dwight Eisenhower was president.
Republican leaders said "no" to "tax cuts for 95% of working Americans."
When ICE releases illegal immigrants, "a lot of those people are not from Honduras and Mexico. They're from Iraq and Somalia and Russia."
White House chef quits because Trump has only eaten fast food for 6 months.
Between Austin, San Antonio, Houston and Dallas over 8,000 same-sex couples are raising children.
Says using E-Verify is "a fair amount of cost," about $20 per person that does not match.
Just days ago, Iran's Supreme Leader (Ali) Khamenei, who will oversee implementation of this agreement, was calling Israel a 'rabid dog' and accusing the United States of war crimes.
According to one study, the minimum wage today is worth $2 less than in 1968.
Palin "inherited a city with zero debt, but left it with indebtedness of over $22-million."
Milwaukee has the second-highest number of children recovered from sex trafficking.
If you look at states that are right to work, they constantly do not have budget deficits and they have very good business climates.
Greg Abbott "activated the state guard to monitor" Jade Helm 15 "in case the troops try to impose martial law, disarm innocent Texans, and detain them in tunnels beneath closed Walmart stores."
The IRS "also investigated liberal groups, groups that had progressive in their name. ... The IRS was basically looking at everybody."
Says Gov. Scott Walker is "openly" backing a move to abolish the state retirement system and convert it to a 401(k)-style plan that will reduce pensions "by at least a third" for current and retired public employees
Scott Walker supported the same transportation bill he's attacking me for. He said at the time it would save the taxpayers money.
The clear majority of Republican voters think that any deficit reduction package should have a balanced approach and should include some revenues.
Over the past 10 years, the number of people living in Lower Manhattan has nearly doubled. In fact, Lower Manhattan has added more people over the last 10 years than Atlanta, Dallas and Philadelphia combined.
This is the first time since Roe was decided in 1973 that a court has granted personhood status to the preborn.
Missouri is "#1 in the nation for holding down tuition increases at public universities."
We spend three times more on entitlements and debt services than we do on defense.
I didn't support Sonia Sotomayor.
Polls indicate that "white people think that black people are less intelligent. They think they're less trustworthy, less patriotic."
More than 32,000 Americans lose their lives to gun violence each year.
For every single scientist that tells you (global warming is) happening and that it's our fault...I can stack up another group of reports that say just the opposite.
In France, they have a (surveillance) program a thousandfold more invasive than the United States.
A recent Obama executive order could "lead to a number of investigations by Interpol in the United States, potentially aimed at American officials."
Says that when adjusted for inflation and population growth, state general revenue spending has decreased 10.7 percent on his watch.
In the 100 days since its passage, the economic stimulus has "saved or created nearly 150,000 jobs."
I've got the spending down, I've got the debt down a little bit, I've got the reserves up.
On the Cuba embargo
The House of Representatives does not have a prochoice majority.
Throughout, we have kept Congress fully informed of our efforts to create a legal framework on counterterrorism.
Many countries (in NATO) owe us a tremendous amount of money for many years back, where they're delinquent, as far as I'm concerned, because the United States has had to pay for them.
Says Congressman Bill Pascrell "voted to remove the public option from the Affordable Health Care Act."
 ... following World War II war crime trials were convened. The Japanese were tried and convicted and hung for war crimes committed against American POWs. Among those charges for which they were convicted was waterboarding.
Says that, unlike the U.S. Senate, "even the Libyan government, in the middle of a civil war, passed a budget on June 15, 2011"
U.S. Rep. Patrick Murphy "voted to allow members of Congress to receive taxpayer-funded health care for life."
101 utilities cut rates, credit GOP tax cuts.
Says Barack Obama said that "ordinary men and women are too small-minded to govern their own affairs" and that individuals should "surrender their rights to an all-powerful sovereign."
More than 3 million young adults ... have gained insurance under (the Affordable Care Act) by staying on their family's plan.
In Florida felonies can be things like buying weed, tampering with an odometer or disturbing a lobster trap. So basically spring break.
Our most important work has been creating and retaining almost 55,000 Ohio jobs.
Illegal immigration costs Georgia $2.4 billion a year
Says Hillary Clinton "believes that all abortions should be legal, even on the due date of that unborn child."
The U.S. Supreme Court has not traditionally asked a lot of questions during oral arguments.
As a Member of Congress, Chris Murphy "was raking in $1 million in salary."
Says the D.C. city council passed a law banning lethal rat trapping.
Wisconsin's projected state budget shortfall is now as low as $1.5 billion
Says the estate tax is a threat to family farms.
The Clinton Foundation is sending water to Houston "for $7 a bottle."
The Obama administration is refusing to directly arm the Kurds.
Say "71 percent of doctors say Hillary's health concerns are 'serious' and 'could be disqualifying.' "
There was a recent report out that the premiums for Medicare and the payroll withholdings are only paying about half the program. So it is not financially solvent.
More Americans have lost their jobs under Barack Obama than any president in modern history.
After one year, Tennessee's students made their biggest single-year jump in achievement ever recorded in the state.
Democratic Sens. Ed Markey, Al Franken and Jeanne Shaheen "took Bribes From Iran … They Back Insane NUKE Deal."
Of all the people in federal prison for possession of illegal substances, 77 percent of them are not citizens of the United States.
Says Sen. John McCain "told dreamers that he'll support the Dream Act, then he voted against it."
The U.S. has "47 million people on food stamps. That's 14 million more than when the current occupant of the White House took over."
Women and men both are making less when you adjust for inflation than when John Kitzhaber was first elected governor.
Says Bill Nelson "cast the deciding vote for Obamacare cutting Medicare spending by $700 billion and letting an unelected board decide what gets covered here."
When Jeb (Bush) was governor, his first four years as governor, his Medicaid program grew twice as fast as mine.
Says "TriMet now spends $1.63 in benefits for every $1.00 spent on wages."
Says Texas ranks first among the states in the amount of carbon dioxide emitted and toxic chemicals released into water.
Some politicians … want to put new taxes on a lot of groceries.
You might be surprised to know that 137 billion gallons flows (into Lake Erie) every day. You might be surprised to know that only 86.3 billion gallons flow out. ... Leaving us a net surplus of approximately 50 billion gallons a day.
Says Ron Johnson "likes to say there are too many lawyers in the Senate – 57. He'd be the 70th millionaire."
Says he got "support all over Raleigh"
Florida "has the second-highest foreclosure rate in the nation."
Says Texas school districts are the fifth largest employers in the world.
President Barack Obama has the "power to stop deportation for all undocumented immigrants in this country."
Rhode Island has invested less in tourism, economic development and economic development personnel than four nearby states.
Says Brett Kavanaugh is "pro-Obamacare."
Wisconsin lost "almost 4,000 manufacturing jobs in 2017."
Says President Richard Nixon held meetings with heads of state without an American interpreter.
Says Steve Spinnett has court judgments against him for trespass and harassment.
Milwaukee's problems include "52 percent black male unemployment."
We've got dozens of counties around America that have zero insurers left.
Donald Trump performed better than any presidential nominee since Gerald Ford.
White House spokesman Robert Gibbs "lied" when he said President Obama's birth certificate is posted on the Internet.
Says Barack Obama grew up in Kenya.
TSA WILL ACCEPT DRIVERS PRIV CARDS FOR ID AT THE AIRPORT
Illegal crossings at our southern border have been cut by over 40 percent.
The proposed mine in northern Wisconsin would be built without any government oversight, and will be nine miles long.
Says Nevada state Sen. Michael Roberson "forced Common Core for Nevada schools."
Ninety six percent of employers in the Granite State are considered small businesses.
The U.S. ranks 37th in the world for health care.
If voters agree in November to approve a one-cent sales tax increase, that will give "Hillsborough County the highest sales tax of all Florida counties."
Says "Romney supported a law that could have made most common forms of birth control illegal."
We have over 25 million people who live in Texas and less than 2 percent of them have concealed handgun licenses.
Says revenues "are actually up after tax reform."
Says under Mitt Romney, "Medicare could end as we know it, leaving Julia with nothing but a voucher to buy insurance, which means $6,350 extra per year for a similar plan."
Roughly 25% of RI has a criminal record
The Obama administration shut down the Amber Alert program because of the government shutdown.
Says Barack Obama's regulatory adviser Cass Sunstein, "wants to ban hunting and says animals should be represented in court."
Harry Reid has voted "to give special tax breaks to illegal aliens."
Privatizing Social Security was a bad idea when George W. Bush proposed it. It's a bad idea today. Sen. McCain's campaign went even further ... suggesting ... to cut cost-of-living adjustments or to raise the retirement age.
The United States has seen "a net loss of people with health insurance" because of Obamacare.
The University of Florida announced this past week that it was dropping its computer science department ... Meanwhile, the athletic budget for the current year is $97.7 million, an increase of more than $2 million from last year.
This issue of busing voters in to New Hampshire is widely known by anyone who's worked in New Hampshire politics. It's very real, it's very serious.
ISIS lures women with kittens, nutella.
The standard of voting in North Dakota is the easiest in the country.
Says Arizona congressional candidate Christine Jones "called Hillary Clinton ‘a capable and respected leader,' and an ‘effective' secretary of state. ... Hillary Clinton effective? Christine Jones thinks so."
The Texas Constitution "still contains Jim Crow provisions about the poll tax and restrictions on women having the right to vote."
Half of all adults have a pre-existing condition that could affect their health care coverage.
After the shootings of Dallas policemen, "nearly 500 people applied in just 12 days."
98 percent of small businesses make less than $250,000 and would not see a tax increase under Barack Obama's plan.
Tom Leppert pledged to make Dallas a sanctuary city for illegal immigrants.
Gonzales' losing campaign against me last spring was funded with more than $1 million from supporters and allies of Governor Bruce Rauner.
The head of the IRS ordered 24,000 emails erased before Congress could review them, making sure the American people will never know the real truth.
I have 2 and a half million more votes than he (Sanders) does.
The Constitution simply does not authorize the federal government to own any of this land (in the Western states).
The commercial property tax [in Providence] is second highest in the country behind Detroit.
Technically, (Ted Cruz is) not even an American.
Russia has more diversity in its governmental representation than we do in Texas.
Polling shows that nearly 74 percent of National Rifle Association members "support requiring background checks for all gun sales."
Says "Cape May, Cumberland, Salem and part of Atlantic counties are all south of the Mason-Dixon line."
According to the FBI, Mexican drug cartels are working with 100,000 street gang members in Chicago alone.
Says that after the overdose death of a Tomah VA veteran, she "brought both parties together to help pass a law" to "make the VA accountable and also to stop the overprescribing of" opioids.
I'm glad for the wording of it (an ethics report on corporate-sponsored Congressional trips) because clearly the wording exonerates me.
Says President Barack Obama's parents were communists.
Many firearms experts determined the Las Vegas shooter's use of a bump stock actually prevented more casualties and (injuries) due to its inconsistency, inaccuracy, and lack of control.
Says Mitt Romney's top five donors are Wall Street firms, while Barack Obama's top five are technology companies and universities.
Ted Cruz was "the longest-serving solicitor general in the history of Texas."
Says a prank phone call caused "400 children to be taken from their parents... without warrant."
We haven't had control of the House for the last two years and it's been malfunctioning. We had 109 sessions scheduled and held 49.
Did you know ObamaCare will cost nearly twice as much as initially expected -- $1.8 TRILLION?
I'm also the only lieutenant governor to not take a security detail.
Says Betsy DeVos and her family "have donated extensively to groups which promote the idea that students who identify as LGBT must undergo 'conversion' therapy."
2008 was the deadliest year of the war (in Afghanistan) for American forces.
While I was working on those streets watching those folks see their jobs shift overseas, you were a corporate lawyer sitting on the board at Wal-Mart.
Legendary Actor Sidney Poitier: Donald Trump might become 'The Greatest Of All Time.' 
Says economists Harvey Rosen and Martin Feldstein have said that "paying for (Mitt) Romney's tax cuts would require large tax increases on families making between $100,000 and $200,000."
Republicans offered Wisconsin bar patrons "free shots (of alcohol) to sign recall petitions against" Democrats.
For the first time in 35 years, we have more businesses closing than starting.
A 97 year-old Holocaust survivor was killed for being Jewish yesterday. In the United States. Let that sink in.
The Taliban went after and murdered people identified in the Chelsea Manning leaks.
Wisconsin is "49th in the country in internet speed."
A Paul Ryan-Scott Walker (or Scott Walker-Paul Ryan) ticket for the White House in 2016 would be unconstitutional because both men live in Wisconsin.
On the Republican tax plan: "Unfortunately, the wealthy are, again, not going to do well in this bill"
I've been here almost every day.
Scott Walker's income "tax plan is a tax hike. It increases taxes for nearly 80% of the people in the state."
59 percent of Americans today believe that Barack Obama is still a Muslim.
Says Paul Ryan backs a proposal that would be a "bailout" of Puerto Rico.
Afghanistan has more hectares (of opium poppies) planted today than they had before we started this war.
In a period of roughly 72 hours, a small group of angry black students managed to force the resignation of the two highest ranking officials at that school.
Says State Rep. Kristi Thibaut was an ACORN lobbyist.
Says David Prosser = Scott Walker.
As part of efforts to rein in protesters, Republicans in Wisconsin have "bolted windows inside the Capitol shut."
Says there's not "much evidence to suggest that people have (contributed to global warming) or can do very much to change anything."
Says the "public option" considered in the health care law backed by U.S. Senate candidate Tammy Baldwin was "wildly unpopular."
Says Sidney Blumenthal wrote that the Benghazi attack was "almost certainly preventable. Clinton was in charge of the State Department, and it failed to protect U.S. personnel and an American consulate in Libya."
Says she was misquoted and "didn't say" that the Israeli ambassador said "what the Republicans are doing is dangerous for Israel."
The sequester has "already lost 1.6 million jobs."
On whether state employees should contribute to their pensions.
NATO is opening up a major terror division. ... I'm sure I'm not going to get credit for it, but that was largely because of what I was saying and my criticism of NATO.
Louisiana's film incentives program is so big "they actually shot an upcoming film initially titled ‘Don't Mess With Texas' in New Orleans!"
America's gun-related homicide rate … would be about the same as Belgium's if you left out California, Illinois, D.C. and New Jersey, places with some of the strictest gun control laws in the U.S.
The new tax will make soda sold in Chicago among the most expensive in the country.
The Mormon religion has "a plan that will see the Constitution thrown out and replaced by a theocracy."
Right now, in every major poll, national poll and statewide poll done in the last month, six weeks, we are defeating Trump, often by big numbers and always at a larger margin than Secretary Clinton is.
I was totally against the war in Iraq, saying for many years that it would destabilize the Middle East.
39% of All California Students are illegals.
Says President Barack Obama never said, "No boots on the ground" in Syria.
Marco Rubio "has the No. 1 absentee record in the United States" Senate.
Says "a lip-reading instructor at the River School, a Washington, D.C., school for the deaf" has determined that during 9/11 ceremonies, Michelle Obama said, "All this for a damn flag."
The McCain campaign "did not elaborate" on Obama's ties to ACORN.
Your tellers were paid kickbacks for directing elderly consumers from ... safe deposits to risky ones.
Two thirds of the people in Wisconsin strongly disagree with this idea of permanently taking away people's rights to collective bargaining.
Says he supported the 1994 crime bill because "there is a ban on assault weapons in that bill."
Birth control pioneer Margaret Sanger "believed that people like me should be eliminated."
There's no demonstrable evidence they (after-school programs that feed kids) are helping kids do better at school.
Since John F. Kennedy was assassinated in 1963, more Americans have died by gunfire within our own country than American servicemen and women who were killed in all our wars.
The state-hired company that evaluates state-mandated student exams "goes on Craigslist to get examiners to read our students' essays."
The truth is this tax [plan] raises middle-class taxes.
People were hopeless. Sixty percent of the population, 70 percent of the population wanted to live somewhere else. . . . By the time I left, 70 percent wanted to stay.
Half of the American women who are murdered are killed by their intimate partners.
The EPA was asked about an environmental citation for the city landfill in Nashua, N.H. but "didn't know" why it was cited.
Some 8.1 million of the estimated 11 million to 12 million people "in this country illegally are working."
true
The state of California is begging us to build walls in certain areas. They don't tell you that.
Preventive care "saves money."
Students In Fla. High School Forced To Recite Islamic Prayer, Make Prayer Rugs.
The Mitchell Park Domes "lose about $1 million-plus every year" and "the number of people going to the Domes has been going down."
Because Gov. Chris Christie vetoed a 30-bill job creation package, "New Jersey ranks 50th in the nation in job creation."
Says Terry McAuliffe is "the person who invented the scheme to rent out the Lincoln Bedroom."
During a town hall meeting on health care, "ABC didn't even allow ads that opposed the president's health care plan to be aired."
Before President Obama acted in Libya in 2011, the American people were opposed to military action by 35 to 60. After he took action, they were in support of it 54 to 43.
Last year, Democrats won nearly 50% of the vote, yet they hold only 38% of the seats in the state House and 30% of the seats in the state Senate.
Rick Perry is "taking money away from hurricane victims" and diverting it to "remodel the Governor's Mansion."
In most Muslim countries, "We can't have a church. We're not able to build synagogues. It's forbidden."
Says Scott Walker "eliminated his own office of economic development in the middle of this recession."
Says Sherrod Brown voted "for the $1.17 trillion health care law that adds a new tax on Ohio manufacturers."
From 2013-2015, the richest 14 Americans increased their net wealth by more than $157 billion, yet the Republican budget would not require these Americans to contribute one penny to deficit reduction.
If Russia, or some other entity, was hacking, why did the White House wait so long to act? Why did they only complain after Hillary lost?
$65 million from ABC privatization will not pay for "even an overpass in Tysons Corner."
More than 50 percent of immigrants from (El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras) use at least one major welfare program once they get here.
By the end of Governor Rick Perry's term, he will have drained Texas taxpayers ... of more than $360,000 to pay for the rental mansion he has been living in while the historic Governor's Mansion is repaired.
By the time she turns 3 years old, a child born into a low-income home hears 30 million fewer words than a child from a well-off family.
Perry pushed for a law that lets insurance companies raise homeowners' rates without having to justify the increase.
Every one of the 67 supervisors of elections in Florida refused to carry out the effort to remove noncitizens from the voter rolls.
Says under the Senate immigration bill, newly legalized immigrants will "pay every tax possible, but you don't get a single benefit" for 10 years.
In Florida, "300,000 people are going to lose their individual coverage because of Obamacare. Now those people next year, they don't have health insurance."
Almost 400 arrests in the city last year for panhandling-related offenses involved just 78 suspects, an indication that the same people are panhandling over and over.
Citizens Property Insurance has "over $500 billion worth of risk, with less than $10 billion worth of surplus."
In the "do-nothing Senate," there are 352 House bills "sitting on Harry Reid's desk awaiting action," including 55 introduced by Democrats.
Says Clackamas County Measure 3-401 "will hurt our county, cripple economic growth, and increase our taxes with excessive special elections."
Since 2004, there have been some 1,300 attacks (on rail targets). Four thousand people have died. Thousands of injuries.
The Benghazi victims were "left helpless to die as Hillary Clinton soundly slept in her bed."
Enacting the Right-to-Carry Act would amount to "expanding the rights of sex offenders, terrorists, child predators, and abusers to carry concealed weapons across state lines.''
On running for the presidency in 2012
When a bill is sent to the governor's office, there is no option for changing it. You sign it or you don't sign it. While there was lots of conversation, there was really no opportunity for any sort of amending.
Vice President Joe Biden's meeting "with the transparency and accountability board . . . was closed to the public."
The vast, overwhelming majority of [crimes that occur with a firearm] are committed by people who don't legally possess that firearm in the first place.
Last year, I proposed directing more of the education budget to teacher salaries, a move that would have resulted in an average $10,000 raise for teachers.
About 57 percent of registered Democrats in the new (9th Congressional) district come from my old district.
In Chile "they have 72 percent of the GDP in savings."
Every major religion is opposed to same-sex marriage.
In the ‘40s, 68 cents of every health care dollar was actually paid for by the patient, today it's only 11 cents.
Says the mayor's job "is to make sure that if somebody is trying to build a set of water treatment plants to cure us from cryptosporidium we don't have, we don't say yes even if CH2M Hill wants us to."
Tax increases could "come into play" as a result of the debt ceiling deal.
By the time I finish this speech, two Americans will be slain, six women will be raped, 27 of us will be robbed, and 50 more will be beaten.
In Buffalo's SolarCity project, "Andrew Cuomo will create maybe 500 jobs if it ever happens at all, at about $1.5 million per job."
In Congress Tom Barrett voted to allow abortions through the ninth month, just moments before the baby is born.
Obamacare "already has caused millions of hardworking Virginians to lose their health insurance."
Says 77 percent "of Portland's students finish elementary school without taking even one art class."
You can import as many hemp products into this country as you want...but we can't grow it.
There is no reason to allocate 60 percent of bridge space to satisfy two percent of all travelers.
Florida students take "an array of standardized high stakes tests which eat up as much as 45 school days per year."
The (economic stimulus) legislation could open billions of taxpayer dollars to left-wing groups like the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now (ACORN).
You know, Sen. McCain said the other day that we might have troops (in Iraq) for 100 years...
The health care reform bill "would make it mandatory — absolutely require — that every five years people in Medicare have a required counseling session that will tell them how to end their life sooner."
More whites than blacks are victims of deadly police shootings.
Quotes Mark Cuban as saying, "I worry that millions of millennials are voting Democrat this year because they fact-check everything."
Barbara Boxer voted to cut spending on Medicare benefits by $500 billion, cuts so costly to hospitals and nursing homes that they could stop taking Medicare altogether.
Says Tom Barrett "voted to ban 15 different kinds of guns, even a lot of common deer rifles."
Says Joe Sestak "voted to gut Medicare ... reducing benefits for 854,489 seniors" and jeopardizing "access to care for millions."
Defends his vote to push "retirement age to 70" by saying he is for "a process" that would not be fully implemented until "around the turn of the century."
Says Barack Obama has added $16 trillion to the national debt.
An independent payment advisory board created by the health care reform law "can ration care and deny certain Medicare treatments."
Says "nothing" in Obama's $3.7 billion request to address the child immigrant situation "actually secures the border."
Sen. Arlen Specter's party switch could "end up giving Republicans the ability to filibuster judicial nominees at the Judiciary Committee level so that the nominees never get out of committee."
Texas #2 in nation for new gun purchases, behind California.
Just last year we gave the military a $700 billion budget increase, which they didn't even ask for.
Rhode Island's voter identification law was pushed by "a black Democrat in the House, a black Democrat in the Senate. That's a fact."
Under President Barack Obama, "8.3 (million) fewer Americans are working today than there were four years ago."
There are "49 different federal job training programs that report to eight agencies."
Says Rick Scott "oversaw the largest Medicare fraud in the nation's history."
Louie Gohmert of Texas "blamed the mass shooting at a movie theater in Colorado on ‘the ongoing attacks on Judeo-Christian beliefs.'"
A new law "requires the USDA to approve the harvest and sale of crops from genetically modified seed even if a court has ruled against the crop as being dangerous to public safety or the environment."
When Marcy Kaptur brought home $42 million for new manufacturing jobs, Dennis Kucinich voted 'no'.
Says Jeb Bush "significantly cut early voting prior to the 2008 presidential election."
Portland, Ore., has "never gotten over 12 to 15 percent ridership" of its public transit system "in the past 12 years."
The U.S. has "5 percent of the world's population, 25 percent of the world's known prison population."
Today California is kicking our butt, creating more jobs and more economic growth than Texas.
In the 1990s, the Biden Crime Bill added 100,000 cops to America's streets. As a result, murder and violent crime rates went down eight years in a row.
A Texas law "will repatriate $1 billion of gold bullion from the Federal Reserve in New York to Texas."
(Barack Obama) says he's going to reduce the long-term debt and deficit by $4 trillion, doesn't say how he's going to do it.
Our economy could fall $1 trillion short of its full capacity, which translates into more than $12,000 in lost income for a family of four.
If you look at last year's presidential campaign, "you can't find a mention of public option."
Roy Cooper won't say how he will pay for ‘free' college tuition.
Says "New Jersey's $1 billion horse racing industry … employs 13,000 individuals and ensures the preservation of 176,000 acres of horse farmland."
Earmarked dollars have doubled just since 2000, and more than tripled in the last 10 years.
Candidate for governor Roy Barnes has been "fighting hard" to let illegal immigrants vote.
We, the bishops of the United States -- can you believe it -- in 1919 came out for more affordable, more comprehensive, more universal health care.
Palin said stimulus money for weatherization required "universal energy building codes for Alaska, kind of a one-size-fits-all building code that isn't going to work up there in Alaska."
Every year the average woman loses around $11,000 to the wage gap, which amounts to "a $500,000 vagina tax" over her working career.
The Massachusetts health care plan "dealt with 8 percent of our population," far less than the "100 percent of American people" affected by President Barack Obama's health care law.
Georgia can substantially increase its funding for education by going after $2.5 billion in uncollected taxes.
U.S. Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison “voted to continue Roe v. Wade.”
Ann Kuster turned "a blind eye to those in need of funding" by voting "against funding for our nation's veterans, low-income women and children, the FDA and the National Institutes of Health."
The city of Atlanta ranks 25th among U.S. cities with the highest crime rates.
The Every Student Succeeds Act "did away basically with Common Core."
Rhode Island has the highest dropout rate in New England at twenty-three percent.
Says a Texas Senate committee considering "private school voucher" legislation randomly called people to testify regardless of when the people submitted requests to testify.
In the U.S. Constitution, "there's a little section in there that talks about life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness."
The city of Nelson, Ga., is "quieter than Mayberry."
The religious liberty bill proposed in the Georgia House of Representatives does not specifically exclude corporations, which means they can legally claim a religious exemption.
Scott Walker has a plan to privatize state lands and "wants to sell our deer to the highest bidder."
Sarah Palin "already has more executive experience" than Barack Obama and Joe Biden "combined."
Says Jennifer Aniston said, "Me and all the Trump supporter celebrities decide to make a company named ‘celebrities for Trump'"
John Mica "voted to borrow $10 trillion."
Under the Espionage Act, (Edward Snowden would not be) allowed to come into court and say ‘I was justified in disclosing this information.' There is no whistleblower exception in the Espionage Act.
To deprive underprivileged children "of a meat-based protein during school lunch is most likely depriving them of their only source of protein for the day."
Under a new federal regulation, it will cost Pinellas County "$31 million to fix a single ditch."
Our federal government has lent $2 billion to the state-owned oil company of Brazil to allow them to explore for oil and gas.
Says "union bosses" bused protesters to a Central Florida education protest.
The minimum wage "in real terms right now is below where it was when Harry Truman was in office."
Says Central Texas river water sent to downstream rice farmers in 2011 equaled about three years' worth of Austin's water use.
Says Ronda Storms voted to fund the 'Taj Mahal' courthouse.
Says "Studies show the average age of entry into prostitution is 12 to 14 years old."
The nation's food supply is "99.99 percent safe."
I wanted to keep it private, because I don't think it's anybody's business if I want to send money to the vets.
Jim Marshall "votes liberal in Washington ... and we aren't fooled."
Says Paul Ryan's budget would turn Medicare into a "voucher."
Says Gov. Chris Christie's decision to close the Elizabeth MVC "saved no money."
Eric Cantor "voted to fully fund Obamacare in October."
Says since Australia passed tough gun laws, "homicides by firearm have declined almost 60 percent."
Marijuana is "less toxic" than alcohol.
Health care reform "requires the use of federal dollars to fund abortions through the government-run health plan."
A request for "an increase in troops sat on desks in this White House (during the presidency of George W. Bush), including the vice president's, for more than eight months, a resource request filled by President Obama in March."
Rescinding the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program "will harm our economy."
For people with insurance, the only impact of the health care law "is that their insurance is stronger, better and more secure than it was before. Full stop. That's it. They don't have to worry about anything else."
Says Michele Bachmann said "English was good enough for Jesus when he wrote the Bible."
Says more than 1 million Texans are jobless, the state has its highest unemployment rate in more than 20 years and joblessness doubled on Rick Perry's watch.
On a bipartisan task force on ways to improve fiscal policy.
There's a loophole where you can sell guns without a background check … 40 percent of guns are sold that way at gun shows and over the Internet.
President Obama has worked to change Medicare for the worse by "creating an unelected, unaccountable panel with the power to deny coverage of certain treatments."
NAFTA allows a lot of trucks from Mexico, for example, to leave there and ... drive straight through without even being inspected.
It's "common knowledge" that al-Qaida is receiving training from Iran.
The Seminole gambling compact offers "$3 billion in guaranteed revenue, the largest share for any state in history."
The median male worker in this country has not seen a raise, inflation adjusted, for 30 years, basically.
Only one out of five of the so-called ‘Syrian refugees' who went into Europe were actually Syrian.
Sanctuary cities are extremely dangerous.
Income disparities in the United States are the worst since the 1920s.
Says Gov. Scott Walker "took away $1.6 billion from schools and handed it off as over $2 billion in tax breaks to the rich."
Mar-A-Lago (was) destroyed by (Hurricane) Irma (and) Jared Kushner (is) still missing.
Says that he's responsible for Austin including Anderson Mill Road in the city's proposed transportation bond package.
Of the approximately 6 million disenfranchised felons in the United States, "one-quarter are Floridians."
Says "I worked with our Mayor and other commissioners to help save the school year when a budget crisis in Salem threatened to cut four weeks of the school year," including negotiating with teachers to work for free.
Gov. Kitzhaber oversaw creation of the Oregon driver card law "behind closed doors without allowing any input from citizens who represent the public interest."
I have never once raised the county tax levy -- not for seven straight years.
Public display of a long rifle is perfectly legal in Texas.
1/3 of our kids drop out (of high school), cannot go to college or start a career.
The average tax bill for Americans in 2016 was a 41 percent increase from 2013.
In a now-viral video, "impressionable youngsters at a public school in New Jersey ... have been instructed to sing the praises of 'Barack Hussein Obama.'"
In 2012, 1 in 4 Wisconsin schools had a subpar score on the Department of Public Instruction's recent report cards and are "failing" the children they serve.
With Obamacare, "You have no options .. you can't get competitive bidding."
Says he got twice as much money from the sale of County Grounds land than Milwaukee County Executive Scott Walker was willing to accept.
Tim Pawlenty has cut education funding in Minnesota. Classrooms are overcrowded. Districts have gone to four-day school weeks.
Food stamp spending "doubled under President Bush, doubled again under President Obama."
The people who were running the budget, in the Corzine years, decided to steal from the unemployment trust fund. … As did other Governors before. We simply don't do that, haven't done it, and won't permit it.
Says Houston is "home to more doctors, more nurses, more researchers than any other place in the world."
Ken Cuccinelli "tried to shut down" state government.
Says Texas charter schools "get 100% state $/pupil funding while district schools (95% students) get about 1/3 funding from state w/ rest coming from local prop taxes (which is why those taxes are so high). Districts getting less b/c scarce $ going to charters."
Once our Blueprint for Prosperity is signed into law, we will have delivered $2 billion in tax relief.
In the United States, we've had "12 years in a row of wages declining."
The race will tighten, just because that's what happens at the end of campaigns. They always have.
I have never asked for a single earmark, pork barrel project for my state of Arizona.
Says China and Singapore impose the death penalty on drug dealers.
Says Barack Obama is a "hypocrite" for criticizing President George W. Bush's "drone attack program," then using it aggressively as president.
The proposed education changes "will not cut one teacher's pay."
Hillary Clinton's State Department sent three comedians to India on the ‘Make Chai, Not War' tour.
Says "the Kardashians donate whopping sum to Las Vegas mass shooting victims"
Wrote that in 2006, Nancy Pelosi said she didn't think capturing Osama bin Laden "makes us any safer," but in 2011 called his killing "historic."
Of our 98,000 teachers who are K-12, over 53,000 of those teachers today are over 50 years old.
Ending federal funding for National Public Radio would jeopardize 9,000 jobs.
In the first full month of my administration following the issuance of my executive orders, illegal immigration on our southern border fell by an unprecedented 40 percent.
On the National Animal Identification System.
It is unusual for a White House official like former National Security Adviser Susan Rice to make unmasking requests.
From 2000-10, U.S. manufacturing employment shrank by a third after holding steady for 30 years.
Preventive care coverage under the Affordable Care Act has already "helped Granite Staters save money and live healthier lives."
Under Cuccinelli's tax cut plan, "school divisions across Virginia could be forced to fire over 8,000 teachers."
The president can "authorize the killing of a U.S. citizen who fights for a foreign terrorist organization."
The Rev. Wright compared "the United States Marine Corps with Roman legionnaires who were responsible for the death of our Savior."
Says Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine "want to shut down shale, and shut down natural gas."
Nobody has played clips over and over ... of President Obama (saying), 'If they bring a knife to the fight, we'll bring a gun.' 
Says Barack Obama "sold Chrysler to Italians who are going to build Jeeps in China" at the cost of American jobs.
The president's health care law raids Medicare by more than $500 billion and creates a Medicare rationing board — a group of 15 unelected bureaucrats — to slow the growth of Medicare spending.
In 1940, only 7 percent of Germans were Nazis.
Illinois suffered 1,652 overdose deaths in 2014 ... of which 40 percent were associated with heroin. Illinois is ranked number one in the nation for a decline in treatment capacity between 2007 and 2012, and is now ranked the third worst in the country for state-funded treatment capacity.
You can't pass a budget in the Senate of the United States without 60 votes.
Clinton campaign official arrested by FBI on child rape/trafficking charges
We never had an earthquake in Youngstown until John Kasich was elected Governor,
Florida's proposed Health Care Freedom Act "will allow Floridians to opt out of Obama's govt. takeover of healthcare!"
Says there are "$500 billion in Medicare cuts required to pay for this flawed [health care law]."
Says John Culberson got $680 million for a telescope in South America and voted against fixing dams and FEMA funding to prevent flooding.
Says Texas has "11 different felonies you can commit with an oyster."
The labor participation rate is at an all-time low.
Says the Arizona immigration law "expressly bans racial profiling."
Says the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act adopted last year contains "a series of slush funds, set up to stay on the books automatically, with little or no oversight."
About 1 in 10 public school teachers in Wisconsin would have been laid off without federal stimulus funds.
[Federal] law says that you can't give in-state tuition to an illegal alien … unless you first offer it to any other student regardless of their state of residence.
State Department officials actually directed contracts for the Haitian recovery after the earthquake to friends of the Clintons.
U.S. teenagers have now fallen behind their counterparts in Ireland, Poland and even Vietnam in math and science.
Said he is the only Democratic candidate for state attorney general who has "represented the entire state of Georgia."
Federal law requires that hospitals treat people whether or not they can pay. So someone (who) doesn't have health insurance -- they can go to the hospital and get free care.
This type of mass violence does not happen in other advanced countries. It doesn't happen in other places with this kind of frequency.
The Romney-Ryan plan for Medicare "does not affect" benefits for anyone 55 or older.
We are now seeing a decrease in violent crime.
The group that supported the president's health care bill the most? Latinos.
Condemning violence against the police and urging support for the police is "markedly absent" from President Barack Obama's public remarks.
Congressman Joe Heck has (voted) 62% of the time with Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats on a variety of important issues.
Daniel Webster said he's out. Now he says he's in.
Unlike marijuana, medical cannabis oil cannot get you high.
Says Obama health reform law denies millions "access to affordable insurance."
Any legislative action that is taken now could very well be rendered completely null and void by the decision of the Supreme Court expected this June.
Says a car driving former University of Missouri System President Tim Wolfe "ran through the students, hit one of them" at the MU Homecoming Parade.
The Obama administration issued an "11th-hour rule that entrenches federal family planning funding for Planned Parenthood."
I fought hard for that (state Senate) seat. I only lost by four points. I raised over $700,000.
There are a lot of casinos across the country that have gone bankrupt.
Voter fraud provided "a portion" of the margin of victory of Democrat John Lehman over Republican Sen. Van Wanggaard in a state Senate recall election.
Tim Kaine urged "$500 billion in Medicare cuts."
When news broke that Ferguson 18-year-old Michael Brown was a suspect in a robbery, "MSNBC practically went off the air for a while to have behind-closed-doors meetings to figure out how to deal with this new revelation."
John McCain accused Barack Obama "of letting infants die."
When Republican extremists tried to take away abortion rights … Blake Rocap stopped them.
A simple review of the Backroom's health code records will reveal that the restaurant already has a long-standing problem with rodent infestations.
Cancer institute finally admits marijuana kills cancer.
The Obama administration "has been outsourcing" by sending money to "solar and wind energy companies that end up making their products outside the United States."
Says "of the 2,000 Portland households in the year-long (composting) pilot, 87 percent of participants reported being satisfied with the overall system."
On whether a U.S. Supreme Court nominee should be forthcoming at confirmation hearings.
More whites believe in ghosts than believe in racism.
John McCain "voted against the Bush tax cuts, both times."
David Dewhurst is "the first lieutenant governor in history to have a personal security detail."
The city of Atlanta has either the highest or second-highest average water bills in the country.
Donald Trump says "all Mexicans are rapists."
Says "Hillary Clinton has promised to raise taxes by $1 trillion dollars."
The wealth gap between blacks and whites in the United States is "greater than the black-white wealth gap was in apartheid South Africa."
Says that Mitt Romney's response to the crisis in the auto industry was, "Let Detroit go bankrupt."
If the Stamp Farm wind turbine is built, the "health risk of 'flicker' impact created by shadows of blades of turbines poses real and significant health risks, particularly seizures."
Florida sheriffs unequivocally support the "stand your ground" law.
We live in the most incarcerated country in the world.
Taxes are lower on families than they've been probably in the last 50 years.
Since the passage of the Affordable Care Act, U.S. health care spending grew at 3.9 percent for the last three years, the lowest growth rate in over 50 years.
Obama is in Texas serving meals!
If you log into the government's Cash for Clunkers Web site (cars.gov) from your home computer, the government can "seize all of your personal and private" information, and track your computer activity.
Wisconsin's lawsuit rules are so anti-business that the state's system is "one of the most promiscuous" in America.
In 1978, a student who worked a minimum-wage summer job could afford to pay a year's full tuition at the 4-year public university of their choice.
(John) Kasich was the architect who balanced the budget, cut spending, created a surplus, igniting record job creation.
There is a 34 percent increase in violent crime in the state of California. … And that's just within the last year.
Says Patrick Murphy advocated for "cuts to Social Security and Medicare."
Says Democratic Senators "demand Supreme Court nominee not be unduly influenced by U.S. Constitution."
For my energy plan, my economic plan, and the other proposals you'll hear tonight, I've offered spending cuts above and beyond their cost.
Romneycare … is a top-down, government-run health care system.
The Senate proposal to restore emergency unemployment benefits for five months was "fully paid for."
Rudy Giuliani is "probably the most underqualified man since George Bush to seek the presidency."
Says Michigan U.S. Senate candidate Terri Lynn Land "said guaranteeing equal pay for women who do the same job as men is not a good idea."
President Obama's recent plan to cut $100 million of waste within his administration won't actually save money because he's going to spend it elsewhere.
A $5-a-night hotel/motel tax that's part of the transportation bill will hurt Georgia's convention business by adding extra costs for large groups coming to the state.
According to the Congressional Budget Office, "as many as 20 million Americans could lose their employer-based insurance thanks to Obamacare."
A study of private bail bond systems "showed that Wisconsin has a higher no-show rate than other states" of defendants skipping court appearances.
Says Minnesota congressional candidate Jim Hagedorn supports a plan that would take away health care for 340,000 veterans, with 17,000 in Minnesota possibly losing coverage.
Loretta Lynch, the new nominee for attorney general, "was a member of Bill Clinton's defense team during the 1992 Whitewater corruption probe."
John doesn't have a record in the Senate. John's only passed four bills. They're all about post offices.
Hair stylists are required to undergo more government scrutiny than foreclosure consultants.
Today 46 percent of all Floridians owe more on their home than it is worth.
We sell 40 percent of our guns without a background check.
Eleven states complete their [legislative] sessions within three calendar months, and another five only meet biennially.
While (women) represent 47 percent of the overall work force, we only make up 23 percent of STEM-related occupations.
Says Israel profiles based on ethnicity and "does it very successfully."
The U.S. military footprint in Africa is nearly nonexistent.
Unemployment has been on the rise throughout Wisconsin as Paul Ryan stepped up his advocacy of "immigration increases."
Says Dan Patrick has "called immigration into Texas an invasion" and "said immigrants coming into Texas bring ‘third-world diseases.'"
Says Barack Obama's approval rating "is right in the average" for second-term presidents at this point.
Congress can tell [the Supreme Court] which cases they ought to hear. We have that authority.
When you look for a job, you can't find it and you give up. You are now considered statistically employed.
If we use (Tax Increment Financing) funding, that's going to take funds from the general fund for Pinellas County, as it will take funds from the general fund for the city of St. Pete.
The national economy was strong in its largest expansion of private sector jobs before President Trump came into office.
Donna Campbell has called for ending all federal funding for education
A bill supported by Gov. Scott Walker makes it "so that drunk drivers who kill have an easier time of it."
State Medicaid expansion "will save our treasury $1 billion over the next eight years."
Secretary of State A. Ralph Mollis wrongly takes credit for small-business program
Says Joe Kyrillos "voted to raid the state's pension funds by $2.8 billion that is costing New Jersey taxpayers still today to the tune of nearly $15 billion dollars to repay that money."
In my 30 year career including dozens of capital cases, not a single client of mine has ever been sentenced to death.
Donald Trump's been completely consistent about his plan for nonviolent undocumented immigrants.
John Edwards never -- has ever from the beginning of his political career has never taken PAC money or the money of Washington lobbyists. Ever. -Joe Trippi, senior campaign adviser
Today's marijuana is 300 percent to 800 percent more potent than the pot of yesteryear.
Says Democratic challenger Russ Feingold "was the deciding vote on Obamacare."
Says the Texas Board of Nursing has a backlog of "3,000 complaints against nurses, many of them sexual assaults, malfeasance."
New Jersey police chief says black people ‘have no value' and should all be executed.
Says excessive speculation is pushing up oil prices and a recent report estimates it "adds 56 cents to every gallon of gasoline siphoned from the pump."
Colorado raked in $60 million in marijuana taxes and licensing fees in the past year.
Chris Jacobs "has been financed by the same men who are now facing charges in one of Western New York's largest public corruption schemes"
Florida has the "third most-regressive tax" structure.
Says FBI agent Peter Strzok's hearing confirmed Republican Congressman Jim Jordan's theory about how the Justice Department got the Steele dossier.
Rhode Island could tell you who has a camper, but we couldn't figure out who has a gun.
Over the last 15 months, we've added more than 2 million jobs in the private sector. That's far in excess of what it was in the comparable period after the last recession.
Says Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood will "force you to stop using your cell phone" while driving.
You ... said that Barack Obama was not ready to be commander in chief.
The National Technical Information Service spends millions of taxpayer dollars to print and sell government documents that are available free in online searches.
Says administrator salaries were increased, "but other school employees were left behind."
Says El Paso is the "safest city of our size in the nation."
On tax inversions, the Wall Street Journal "surprisingly attacked this tax scheme."
Pier 39 terrorist was an anti-Trump antifa supporter.
Torture is illegal by our laws. It's illegal by international laws.
true
Says that in Texas, "you can be too gay to adopt" a foster child "who needs a loving home."
Says Nancy Pelosi said, "Building a wall will violate the rights of millions of illegals." ​
Says Lake Erie contains more native fish than all the other Great Lakes combined.
There are more people living in this country who were not born here than at anytime in the history of the country.
Since Corey Stewart became chairman in November 2006, unemployment is up 150% and average home price sales are down $150,000.
Says unions "take away" hard-earned money of teachers, firefighters and police officers to play politics.
The GOP platform that seeks further limits on abortion and is silent on an exception for rape "has been there for more than 30 years."
A state agency wanted to fire an employee who spent four hours per day watching pornography, but the state "employment commission reinstated the person."
Says "in the Legislature, (Mary Nolan) has been a party-line Democrat, showing a 100% track record in harmony with the American Civil Liberties Union."
The Germans, the French, countries that opposed us in the (Iraq) war, all believed (Saddam Hussein) had weapons of mass destruction.
Says broken compact fluorescent light bulbs "allegedly cause migraines and epilepsy attacks."
There's actually a court order that prevents keeping the kids with the parents when you put the parents in jail.
Says he "helped lead an outside audit that'll save (Milwaukee County) taxpayers over $200 million."
Health care reform plans being consided in Congress "will finally reduce the costs of health care."
Seventy percent of the people living in abject poverty are women.
60 percent of all Americans do not want to see Planned Parenthood defunded.
Look, I believe in accountability. In 1983, I led the effort in Arkansas to improve our schools.
Says there are Ohio Turnpike workers getting paid $66,000 a year to collect tolls that machines might collect.
Says John Boehner changed his position on extending Bush tax cuts.
The Castro regime ‘violated international norms' by secretly shipping weapons to North Korea in violation of a U.N. embargo.
The financial services regulatory bill "will end taxpayer bailouts."
Illegal tobacco sales, price driven too high, has been connected to at least several cases of funding terrorism against us in multi-year investigations over the last decade and a half.
Turkeys today weigh 29.8 pounds. In the ‘30s, they weighed 13.2 pounds.
Says Lloyd Doggett voted for the health care, stimulus and cap-and-trade bills.
Members of Congress passed a pay raise for themselves of $10,000 over two years even as they voted not to raise Social Security benefits for 2010 and 2011.
The Obama Health and Human Services Department is planning to compile a federal health record on all U.S. citizens by 2014, including "each individual's Body Mass Index."
ISIS is making millions of dollars a week selling Libyan oil.
Says Donald Trump "has a long history of exporting jobs overseas."
Says "he fought Obama at the Supreme Court — and won."
In just six years, Georgia has dropped from first in the nation from a business-friendly legal climate to 24th.
Texas has "a higher unemployment rate than neighboring states."
The proposed transportation bill "could be the largest tax increase in Georgia history."
The federal minimum wage is worth about 20 percent less than it was when Ronald Reagan gave his first address to a joint session of Congress.
Many states without collective bargaining, such as Arizona, Nevada and North Carolina, have far larger budget deficits than many that do, including Ohio.
Jeff Greene only moved from California to Florida in the last two years. In fact, he would not legally be allowed to run for any other statewide office because he has not lived here long enough to meet the residency requirement.
The 1986 tax reform approved under Ronald Reagan "was polling at about 18 percent right before they passed it."
Says Bill Clinton "gave a speech in 1996 about Iraq having WMDs" and said "we needed a regime change," even though everyone blamed those things on George W. Bush.
Says PolitiFact issued a True ruling on Paul Krugman calling "Governor Christie a ‘fiscal phony.'"
Under the Romney/Ryan budget, interest rates on federal student loans would be allowed to double.
(Rep. Bob Goodlatte's) balanced budget amendment does not require a balanced budget.
half true
Almost every country on Earth sees America as stronger and more respected today than they did eight years ago when I took office.
Says the secret John Doe criminal investigation of his campaign has been "resolved" and two judges have said it is "over."
Says he "will protect your guaranteed benefits" in Medicare while "Mitt Romney would take away Medicare as guaranteed benefits."
Ninety-six percent of the last session, (U.S. Rep. Henry Cuellar) voted with Nancy Pelosi.
Her health care plan will cost $110-billion in the first year, which can be paid for with savings.
Harry Reid was against (the nuclear option) before he was for it. Mitch McConnell was for it before he was against it. President Obama was against it before he was for it.
Alabama is "the most generous state in the union in terms of what we give to charities."
People have actually broken down the transcripts for oral arguments and (Antonin Scalia) told more jokes and got more laughs than any of the other justices.
If you look at the number of illegal immigrants coming into the country, it is net zero. It's been that way now for almost two years.
Rhode Island's teen binge drinking rate is double the national average.
Alexander Hamilton was an immigration hawk.
We know that every 85 visitors create one Florida job.
I don't understand what Republicans are doing against this. It was their idea. John McCain introduced cap and trade legislation three times.
Alex Sink wants to "cut Medicare."
A proposal to reduce the deficit "involved large tax cuts for the top bracket."
Another great endorsement! Barrow Journal explains the difference between me and Jody Hice.
1 in 100 people are sociopaths.
Says Texas lawmakers in 2011 ordered school districts to test every student on their respiratory system and weight.
When we say ‘one vote matters,' it's not just a saying – it has proven true 141 times in #Ohio over the last five years.
America never made up for the gutting of the intelligence services that Bill Clinton did. I think those are (former CIA director George) Tenet's words ... that Bill Clinton gutted American intelligence.
That 59 divisions in Philly had no votes for Romney in 2012 is "(a) mathematical and statistical impossibility."
Seventy-seven of the top 300 cities with the highest poverty rate nationwide are in California.
Hillary Clinton and her campaign of 2008 started the birther controversy.
Says a company that got tax breaks from the state later "laid off 100 Ohioans, even as its CEO cut a half-million-dollar check to Kasich's super PAC."
60 percent of people on food assistance are working.
President Barack Obama's latest executive order "mandates the apprehension and detention of Americans who merely show signs of ‘respiratory illness.' "
Among Hispanics, support for immigration reform is close to universal.
The nuclear test conducted in our nation this time is the Earth's 2,054th nuclear test. The five permanent members of the U.N. Security Council have conducted 99.99 percent of the total nuclear tests.
While CEOs of some large charities have big salaries, the heads of some veterans groups do the job for free.
A member of the redistricting commission proposed in Issue 2 "could accept a bribe from somebody" and "couldn't be removed from this commission."
Americans haven't had a raise in 15 years.
Says President Abraham Lincoln "tried to arm the slaves."
I don't own a single stock or bond … I have no savings accounts.
Says Republicans Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan support "massive cuts in Social Security for future generations."
Says Ted Cruz "is a supporter of legalizing people that are in this country illegally" and "proposed giving them work permits."
The Iran deal says that "if any other country tries to undermine (Iran's) nuclear program, we have to help them defend themselves against Israel, Egypt, Saudis, our own allies."
There's 400 more people working in health care today in New Hampshire than when we passed the budget.
Wendy Davis is "threatening to raise taxes up to $35 billion."
As a U.S. senator with salary and perks, ‪#‎Bernie‬ is in the top 1 percent, but still paid only 13 percent in taxes last year.
Atlanta now has as many visitors as Las Vegas, San Diego and Los Angeles. Orlando, Fla., and New York City still have more visitors.
As the CEO of eBay, "Whitman started a separate division that only sells porn."
In Massachusetts, Gov. Romney narrowed the gap between students of different races.
Small businesses "create 70 percent of the jobs in America."
In every committee when the health care bill was considered, Democrats voted against an amendment that would require members of Congress and their staff to take the government-run public option as their health care plan.
A high school dropout makes on average $19,000 a year, a high school graduate makes $28,000 a year, a college graduate makes $51,000 a year.
The death penalty "is a deterrent that does affect and impact people."
Says as a result of the national health care reform, "the Congressional Budget Office says we save $250 million over the first 10 years. Over the next 10 years, we save $1.2 trillion in savings in terms of health care."
Says Amazon has removed "an educational game about Gettysburg."
Says "we know" Erika Harold would "discriminate against a loving gay couple who want to adopt a child, favoring an abusive straight couple instead."
Female students at UVA "have a 20 percent chance of being sexually assaulted."
If we increase fuel efficiency standards to 40, 45 miles a gallon, we would have to import zero oil from the Middle East.
Says Donald Trump "believes that states should actually have the right to lower the minimum wage below $7.25."
Says Scott Walker "has turned down $1 billion of Medicaid money over the course of his tenure."
There was even a time when (Donald Trump) didn't get an Emmy for his TV program three years in a row and he started tweeting that the Emmys were rigged.
Health insurance companies' costs are only 4 percent of all health care spending.
Says Bruce Rauner is "misquoting newspapers to lie about J.B. Pritzker."
States "haven't even begun to spend the (election security) money they have now."
We have a higher rate of tested lead in people in Cleveland than in Flint.
Gov. Bob McDonnell launched a "raid on public education to pay for roads."
Here's a man who brags about how he made the city safe. It was the Biden crime bill that became the Clinton crime bill that allowed him to do that.
UW-Madison "spent down reserves" as it was told to do two years ago and, facing new state budget cuts, has "no more reserves to spend down."
Back when they did NATO, there was no such thing as terrorism.
In one year, the United Nations "did 24 resolutions and 20 of them were against Israel."
The president of the United States came in the Tuesday before the election in a ward that went 99% for him in the last election and they couldn't even (increase) the vote there.
Says Ohio U.S. Rep. Steve Chabot "voted to cut health care for kids, affecting up to half the families at Cincinnati's own Children's Hospital."
Says a drug test can be performed for "just $4 or $5."
Over the last six years, the state of Illinois spent about $320 million on illegal immigrants.
Just on Jan. 1 of this year, there were 40,000 new laws put on the books in one day.
Immigrants are responsible for 96 percent of our small biz growth since 2000.
Just about half of rural hospitals operate in the red in Virginia. They operate at a loss.
The cost of fire in Rhode Island is anywhere from 33 percent to 100 percent more expensive than anywhere else we could find.
Sen. McCain's economic plan gives nearly $4-billion in tax breaks to the oil companies but doesn't provide any tax relief to more than 100-million middle-class families.
The American people say, don't touch Social Security, don't touch Medicare, don't cut defense. That's 84 percent of the federal budget.
We've added, in the last eight years, $4 trillion of debt to the nation's obligations.
Fox News barely covered (the Duggar family) scandal until Megyn Kelly was able to secure this interview.
New Virginia regulations on abortion clinics "provide the same sanitary environment we expect of dental offices."
For six years, I served our community as a conservative state legislator. In every one of those years, I helped balance the state's budget.
Women in Florida make 83 cents for every dollar a man makes.
As governor, Tim Kaine "oversaw a huge increase in illegal immigration, a tremendous increase."
I have never said that I don't wear flag pins or refuse to wear flag pins.
Death penalty opponents like Roy Cooper and Josh Stein have imposed a de-facto moratorium on capital punishment.
There are 60,000 fewer jobs today in this state than we had in 2008.
Says the New York Giants "train in New Jersey, they play in New Jersey and most of their players live in New Jersey."
Says U.S. Rep. Paul Ryan attacked the president for "the same amount of Medicare savings that (Ryan) had in his own budget."
That's legal: If you find out about somebody else's salary even if you're doing exactly the same job, you can be retaliated against, including being fired, in most places.
FACT: Nothing in #Obamacare forces people out of their health plans.
In the 1950s and 1960s, "the minimum wage was such that it would lift you out of poverty."
Undocumented workers crossing the border right now is at a 12-year low.
Sixty percent of the auto thefts that we have in (St. Petersburg) are caused by people leaving their keys in the car.
President Barack Obama's Fiscal Year 2013 budget proposal "couldn't get support from either party in the House or the Senate."
A monthly "police and fire protection fee" on all Wisconsin phone bills does nothing to support police and fire.
Says Gov. Bob McDonnell's budget would cut pre-kindergarten programs.
In South Sudan, "more teenage girls die in childbirth than finish high school."
Just like Donald Trump, David Jolly wants to outlaw a woman's right to choose.
The average student debt "coming out of the University of Wisconsin-Madison is something like 28,000 dollars."
Says Hillary Clinton "voted to raise taxes on workers earning as little as $41,500."
Americans spend "6.1 billion hours a year" on tax preparation.
Says proposed anti-abortion legislation "would force women facing the most personal of health decisions to endure a transvaginal ultrasound."
In rural Virginia, "Sen. Warner ran 8-10 points ahead of a traditional Democrat -- ahead of Senator Kaine, ahead of Governor McAuliffe."
When it comes to fighting terrorism, "Another thing we know that does not work, based on lots of empirical evidence, is torture."
According to the most recent report, Wisconsin's high school graduation rates are also up again -- to third best in the country.
Making public colleges and universities tuition-free, that exists in countries all over the world, used to exist in the United States.
Says his budget "calls for one of the largest increases in national defense spending in American history."
There was someone else on that plane for the secret Bill Clinton/Loretta Lynch meeting.
The Z-visa that was offered in that Senate bill let everybody who's here illegally, other than criminals, stay here for the rest of their lives.
The amount of money that we put into running our own state legislature is nearly as much as we put into the University of Rhode Island.
Florida is ranked 50th in the nation for mental health care funding.
California will have the "highest gas tax in the nation" once its 12 cent gas tax hike goes into effect.
The truth of the matter is that during my administration, the FBI's crime statistics show that violent crime was reduced in Massachusetts by 7 percent.
The Obama administration "borrowed more than $10 trillion, right? And yet, we picked up $5.2 trillion just in the stock market. ... Maybe in a sense we're reducing debt."
In the House Republican health care bill, "we're expanding women's access to health services by redirecting Planned Parenthood dollars to community health centers, which vastly outnumber Planned Parenthood clinics."
Says Scott Walker's plan to replace Obamacare "is a new entitlement" program for "every single American human being from the time they are born right up until they grow old and become eligible for Medicare."
When I took office, the deficit was nearly 10 percent of our economy. Today, it's approaching 3 percent.
Man dug tunnel from home to the pub and drank every night while his wife slept.
Since 2009, "we've cut homelessness (among veterans) by a third."
Delaware Democratic Senate candidate Chris Coons "thought that a 911 call should be taxed."
The weak illegal immigration policies of the Obama Admin. allowed bad MS 13 gangs to form in cities across U.S. We are removing them fast!
South Florida ranks No. 1 in the gap between wages and housing.
Says Connie Mack takes two homestead exemptions, "directly contrary to Florida's Constitution."
U.S. Rep. Phil Gingrey gave the government the power to electronically spy on Americans without a warrant.
The Obama administration is allowing state waivers from welfare work requirements "only if they had a credible plan to increase employment by 20 percent."
Governor Christie also remains the only Governor since World War II, among both Democrats and Republicans, who failed to have his party win control of at least one legislative body over the course of his term.
If the Sellwood Bridge is not replaced, it will have to be shut down within eight years.
The state budget has gone up over 80 percent under Rick Perry.
We already have $23 billion worth of debt.
We fixed a loophole in the (gun) background record check system so that we could make our commonwealth safer.
I did very well with young people in Ohio, Massachusetts, California.
Charlie Crist "bizarrely vetoed" $9.7 million for a teaching hospital at the University of Florida "despite having previously argued the budget request had merit."
Says investigators have found remains of missing women in steel barrels buried on Bill and Hillary Clinton's property.
We are last in the nation in startups — 50th.
Says TriMet spends "$10.3 million in police contracts" a year for 56 transit police who must respond to non-transit calls
Says the United States does not "trade as much as other developed nations."
The Common Core was not put together by the Department of Education in Washington. It was put together by governors and by states.
U.S. Rep. Carlos Curbelo voted for a health care bill that will let insurance companies "charge five times more for people over 50."
Currently, Florida is one of only five states in the nation that prohibit citizens from buying electricity from companies that will put solar panels on your home or business.
Did you know that the U.S. is one of the very few nations in the world without an official language?
Clackamas County Commissioners "approved a re-negotiated agreement to lower the county's contribution to TriMet's Portland-Milwaukie Light Rail project to $19.9 million from $25 million."
Says Wisconsin Manufacturers & Commerce's "own 2014 survey revealed that just 15 percent of business executive respondents were in favor of Right-To-Work legislation."
Says New Jersey is "50th in return of our federal tax dollars."
Says there were over 600 reports of Texas votes for Donald Trump in the state's 2016 Republican primary virtually all getting tallied for Marco Rubio.
Says "as Co-Chair of the Joint Ways & Means Committee, I secured the key piece of funding for" the Portland-Milwaukie Light Rail project bridge."
People committed involuntarily for 72 hours under the Baker Act will get their guns back "automatically and immediately upon discharge....and their commitment is never entered into a background check database."
Says it's a "statistical reality that most single moms are very poor, under-educated, can't get a job, and if it weren't for government assistance, their kids would be starving to death."
Science says that being single will kill you faster than obesity.
The United States has a supply of "more than 100 years of natural gas."
Says Hillary Clinton has "taken hundreds of millions from those countries" where "women are stoned, where women are killed for adultery and women can't drive."
Says Barack Obama, Chuck Schumer and Hillary Clinton "all voted for" a border wall as senators.
Says a proposed $1.05 billion Austin school district bond proposition "will require no tax rate increase."
Says Sen. Robert Cowles, her recall opponent, supported the sale of state-owned power plants "not to the highest bidder, but to the biggest donors" with no oversight.
Having a baby is a leading cause of poverty spells in the United States.
Says conservative mega-donor Richard Uihlein is a Wisconsin resident.
Two-thirds of Wisconsin corporations don't pay state income taxes.
Says taking millionaires off food stamps and unemployment would save $20 million.
In recent years ... the Obama administration was committed to the notion, against all evidence, that we could reset relations with Putin.
There's still about $400 billion or $500 billion of the stimulus plan that has not been spent. Why don't we stop it.
We have the third-lowest minimum wage … of developed countries.
Creating 25 jobs in Umatilla County has the same impact as 500 jobs in the metro region.
For the first time in 35 years, we have more businesses dying than we do starting.
Says the military accounts for about 10 percent of Florida's economy.
''Both Democrats and Republicans are advocating for the use of student test scores to measure teacher effectiveness.''
Says Supreme Court rival Michael Screnock "is running with the Koch brothers support."
Florida's coastal and stormwater infrastructure are "two of the most critical areas during a storm, and received D-plus and D ratings, respectively, by the American Society of Civil Engineers in 2016."
Stimulus money went to "office upgrades for politicians."
Says he "didn't have an involvement with" nutritional supplement company Mannatech.
The new Ukrainian government "introduced a law abolishing the use of languages other than Ukrainian in official circumstances."
In Texas, we teach both creationism and evolution in our public schools.
Seventy-six percent of the American people support us passing the DREAM Act … with citizenship and legalization as part of it all. … More than 60 percent of Republicans support that.
There would be tens of thousands of jobs created if President Barack Obama approved the Keystone XL pipeline.
DUI arrests dropped significantly in Tampa once Uber began operating here.
The EPA director under Obama said the Clean Power Initiative would have no effect on man-made CO2 emissions. That's what she said. Go look it up.
Global poverty is down to "less than 10% today from 37% in 1990."
A photo shows "Obama being dragged before a judge in handcuffs for wiretapping Trump."
In first week as governor, Tim Kaine "proposed a nearly $4 billion tax increase, $4 billion, including a tax increase on people earning as little as $17,000 a year."
I had the longest judicial vacancy in the history of the United States.
Bill McCollum has accepted thousands from lobbyists for Planned Parenthood.
Trump just gave every working, legal man, woman and child in the USA $612 each!
Says he "fought against $3 billion in cuts to public education since 2003."
Says that in his first two years, "Wisconsin has seen its best two-year job growth in a decade."
A lot of Sen. Sherrod Brown's policies "reflect that interest in Marxism" and a fondness for communism.
Say Texas U.S. Reps. Eddie Bernice Johnson and Sheila Jackson Lee are among open Socialists in Congress.
Thanks in part to our all-of-the-above strategy for American energy, the United States generates "more natural gas than anybody."
About a third of Wisconsin's high schools "are missing the mark of graduating young adults who are college ready," a "pass rate of 66.6%."
Under the compromise tax agreement, "99.7% of American families will not pay 1 nickel in an estate tax."
Property and income taxes will be lower in 2018 than they were in 2010.
As state treasurer, Alexi Giannoulias "lost $73 million in our kids' college savings."
A record number of immigrants not from Mexico are "being apprehended at the border."
Says Chuck Hagel's nomination as defense secretary "has been publicly celebrated by the Iranian government."
In Chicago, which has the toughest gun laws in the United States, probably you could say by far, they have more gun violence than any other city.
The Texas Capitol faces South toward Goliad, in memory of the most horrific battle of the Texas Revolution.
Roy Barnes voted against a bill in the state Senate that would have made it easier to convict child abusers.
Governor (Perry), you were a Democrat, having worked for Al Gore as his campaign manager...
Says he has never voted for raising taxes.
If you have ever visited Nashville or Washington D.C. you will see MANY names and initials carved into ... desks.
The UNC athletic director's $705,000 salary was "not at market. Not even close."
Thanks to you, in under one week we have the largest GOP (Facebook) page in the Governor's race!
Says Marshawn Lynch is "second all-time in terms of average yards per rush only to Terrell Davis."
In 40 years of broadcast, I have never endorsed any candidate.
Trump's DHS secretary confirms they are preparing to arrest sanctuary city leaders.
The House passed a pay-as-you-go rule that said, "If you wanted to have an investment, an entitlement, etc., you had to pay for it."
Says Justice Elena Kagan recused herself in "many cases where she had little role" as solicitor general, simply because of the appearance of a conflict of interest.
Cuccinelli wants to make all abortion illegal, even in cases of rape and incest, even to protect a woman's health.
On new dollar coins, "'In God We Trust' is gone!"
In New Jersey, Gov. Christie vetoed legislation to extend early voting.
mostly true
A family of four can make up to $88,000 a year and still get a subsidy for health insurance under the new federal health care law.
After prohibition ended, police deaths didn't reach 200 a year again until the year Nixon declared war on drugs.
Senators who have accepted millions in campaign contributions from the financial industry voted against allowing bankruptcy judges to modify home mortgages.
New jobs numbers are in, and Wisconsin has "fallen to dead last in Midwest job growth."
Sixteen [federal] programs exist to fight homelessness and some of them are duplicative.
Says "about 100,000 kids in this country leave their home state and go to another state to be educated. Out of that 100,000 young people, 30,000 of them are from New Jersey, by far the largest amount."
On recess appointments.
Says there were only "about eight or 10" inflammatory sentences in his newsletters.
Thanks to our reforms, the average family will have an extra $322 to spend.
President Barack Obama shut down NASA space flights and turned the agency "into a Muslim outreach department."
Clinton Foundation ordered to cease operations – Chelsea (Clinton) charged with fraud!
In 2009, his first year as mayor, Julián Castro "received a seven-figure referral fee" that smells like a dirty financial gift "from notorious personal injury lawyer Mikal Watts, a major Obama donor."
In the United States, 50 percent of social services are provided by the Catholic church.
I'm predicting (the Saints) will go not only undefeated, but all the way through the Super Bowl -- something that's never been done before.
We're already bombing seven countries.
Says opponent Mary Burke says she "supports Obamacare unequivocally and wants to expand it."
The United States "is number one in the world in energy resources; Russia is number two."
Says there were multiple instances of voter fraud in Wood County, Ohio.
More women were killed by their husbands or boyfriends since Sept. 11 than "all the Americans who were killed by 9/11 or in Afghanistan and Iraq."
Congress as a whole is less popular than it's been since polling was invented.
Says David Dewhurst "went out for drinks" during Senate debate on abortion bill.
Says that on the tax reform law, Democratic leaders "are promising to take it all away."
It has been many years, if ever, since an inmate has completed his or her high school diploma while incarcerated in a state correctional facility for adults.
We did not seek an impeachment of President Bush.
The 2016 and 2017 Missouri budget includes more funding for the University of Missouri than any time in the last 15 years.
Texas is experiencing the fastest population growth in the country, adding "more than 1,000 people a day."
I was gone when there was a red line against Syria.
Social Security has nothing to do with the federal deficit.
Today, when people retire in Galveston County, Texas, they retire making at least 50 percent more than they would ever get out of Social Security.
Recently though, the media has reported on thousands of illegal voters here in the commonwealth.
Austin Energy is considering its first rate increase since 1994.
Lois Frankel "spent over $13,000 in taxpayer money on a marble shower in a private bathroom with her own toilet."
Trump supporters are heading to the border as the migrant caravan approaches.
Over 3 million Americans are employed in the growing green-collar workforce, which is more than the number "of people working in the fossil fuel industry."
Says a poll shows that "without a name attached, Democrats are just one point behind" Gov. John Kasich.
Says an EPA permit "languished" under Strickland but his new EPA director got it done in two days.
Income inequality "seems to be worst in cities run by Democrats."
Mercury is used in vaccines, and there is no safe level of mercury.
Says federal regulations adopted in 2011 increased the cost of each vehicle for his business by $10,000.
The Department of Homeland Security's database of legal immigrants has "never" been "bounced against a state's voter rolls."
Says bus riders subsidize the "expensive, romanticized" Leander-to-Austin train.
The crime decline in the United States would be fairly small if it wasn't for the crime decline in New York City.
I didn't campaign on a public option.
Our president has labeled Americans as soft.
Says 70 percent of benefits in Donald Trump's proposal for child care "go to the people making over $100,000 a year."
Says a university survey concluded his Massachusetts administration "had more women in senior leadership positions than any other state in America."
Richmond teachers have not gotten a raise "for almost 10 years."
By the end of this budget I'm in right now, taxes will have been cut $4.7 billion in my state.
The federal tax code has "loopholes that are giving incentives for companies that are shipping jobs overseas."
West Virginia has "more veterans per capita" than any state.
Under Gov. Scott Walker's public-school budgets, "a student entering kindergarten will not enjoy the same state investment in his or her education as those that came before them until they are graduating from high school."
Three years ago, a newly elected President Obama told America that if Congress approved his plan to borrow nearly a trillion dollars, he would hold unemployment below 8 percent.
Federal spending is "the highest it's been as a share of our economy in 60 years (and) revenue is the lowest it's been as a share of our economy in 60 years."
Commercial buses in the United States have "a stellar safety record, a safety record that exceeds that of any other commercial mode or surface transportation mode."
Rick Perry attempted to fast-track unnecessary coal-fired power plants, which degrade air quality and would cost billions. Fortunately, a court stopped him.
Tennessee GOP twitter taken down after tweet exposing Pelosi involved in pedophilia.
(GM and Chrysler) repaid their loans.
At the end of 2016, there were 23 percent fewer federal prosecutions than in 2011, so (prosecutors) looked at this scourge (opioid deaths) and they let it go by.
According to crime statistics, "riding MARTA has been becoming more and more safe over the years."
Seniors with coverage under Medicare Advantage will give up "more than their share" because of health care reform
Says Mike Huckabee appeared in diabetes infomercials to endorse "cures and treatments that no health agency supports."
Says Steve Chabot "voted to strip insurance protections for pre-existing conditions."
We have over 300 state agencies. Forty-five of those agencies are related to health care.
Under the Iran deal: "If Israel attacks Iran … we're supposed to be on Iran's side."
Miami-Dade has "the nation's highest-rated tap water."
Democratic presidents "have been considerably more effective at creating private-sector jobs."
Says crime statistics show blacks kill 81 percent of white homicide victims.
Bill White has a long history of trying to limit or even disenfranchise military voters.
Says the Florida House of Representatives allocated $24 billion, "the greatest investment in education in Florida history!"
Maxine Waters Is Getting Criminally Charged!
The property appraiser's budget "is $1 million less today than when I took office 16 years ago."
Says that while President Barack Obama promised to "work with your employer to lower your premiums by $2,500 per family per year," his health care law "raises premiums in the individual market by $2,100 per family."
Barack Obama "ended up getting re-elected by the largest gender gap in the history of American elections."
Over 200 of our 520 school districts did not have a single student in physics.
Health insurance and medical costs "are going down because of Obamacare."
Says Robert Hurt "supports the tax loopholes that send American jobs overseas."
We didn't have a development director for over seven months.
Administrative employees at colleges and universities have "more than doubled over the last 25 years, outpacing the growth of students by more than 2 to 1."
One out of every 30 people in the Greater Boston area is an illegal alien.
Says Obama policies contributed to gas prices rising from $1.89 in January 2009 to $3.51 today.
It turns out that Texas has an $18 billion budget shortfall and can't afford its new science textbooks.
Says unemployment would be at 10 percent if people who have quit looking for work were included in federal labor force calculations.
Says Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison "took 154 private flights all funded by taxpayers" though "commercial flights were readily available at a fraction of the cost."
On fundraising for super PACs
Virginia House Speaker Bill Howell is "allied to group pushing MIXED SEX BATHROOMS in Stafford Schools."
We stopped traffic coming through -- 78 percent.
U.S. Rep. Connie Mack "voted to raise his own pay several times."
Says the Department of Homeland Security has ordered "enough rounds of .40 caliber ammunition to kill every man, woman and child in the United States," possibly to combat "massive civil unrest" or "an invasion by a foreign power."
With the exception of slavery and the Chinese Exclusion Act, our laws have never barred persons from becoming citizens.
The Orlando shooter used "a weapon of war."
Says new Medicare billing guidelines "have nine codes for (injuries by) turkeys."
There's no statistical evidence that a waiting period for handgun purchases "reduces violence whatsoever."
No federal official at any level is currently allowed to say ‘Merry Christmas.'
The Federal Register - which houses all Washington regulations - is 34,000 pages in length and weighs in at more than 340 pounds.
Ohio currently ranks 50th out of all states in income growth.
In one county alone in Ohio, President Obama received 106,258 votes. But there were only 98,213 eligible voters.
We're spending tremendous amounts of money to educate our kids. In the world, we're No. 1 per pupil by a factor of four.
Liberty University students "were mandated" to attend Sen. Ted Cruz's presidential announcement "or they would be fined."
The average age of first marijuana use is 12.
Fox News airs Stuart Scott R.I.P. tribute with picture of Stephen A. Smith.
When I was secretary of state, I had a very high approval rating.
Today the top 1 percent earn a higher share of our national income than any year since 1928.
The law has not established whether Rhode Island public employees have property rights to their pensions.
Says the New York bike path assault "was the ninth vehicle assault used by ISIS."
NBC just fired Megyn Kelly before her new show begins.
Jeff Greene "is the king of the undercover Credit Default Swap that brought about the destruction of our economy that we have right now."
Military spending cuts, known as the sequester, were President Barack Obama's idea.
The Democrats filibustered the legislation that would've resulted in this shooter being in federal prison instead of murdering those innocents in that Texas church.
Our children's safety is potentially at risk because nearly half of the apple juice consumed by our children comes from apples grown in China.
Foxconn tax break could exceed $1 million per job.
The 30 percent tax rate called for under President Barack Obama's proposed Buffett Rule "is lower than the prescribed tax rate for millionaires already -- not just for millionaires, for people making over $200,000."
Says Hillary Clinton has "not answered a single question" about her immigration plan.
Says the federal agency in charge of Medicare and Medicaid will disburse $803 billion in benefits this year, making "it larger than all but 15 of the world's economies."
(Big banks) have invested over $300,000 in (Joe Heck), and Heck has sponsored $44 million dollars in tax breaks for banks.
Said President Barack Obama "said he was going to stop (signature strikes)."
On oil drilling off Florida's coast
On issue after issue that really were hard to explain or understand, you voted present . . . And anytime anyone raises that, there's always some kind of explanation.
We are the only industrialized nation that doesn't guarantee workers paid family leave.
Says the Pentagon has never passed a financial audit. In fact, the Pentagon is exempt from a federal law that requires all federal agencies to complete annual audits.
State employees in Wisconsin earn "about 8 percent less" than if they worked in the private sector.
Pro-Lifers Declare 'Ejaculation Is Murder: Every Sperm Cell Is A Life.'
Barack Obama's plan gives a driver's license to any illegal who wants one.
Right now the Tea Party polls higher than the Republicans and the Democrats.
Nearly 60 percent of women who use birth control do so for more than just family planning.
The children coming across the southern U.S. border "were never examined after they got here and quarantined if they had a disease. They were just sent out across the country. Many of them had measles ... We now have an outbreak of it all because of our immigration policy."
Three naked women in photo are campaigning for the Democrats.
Our economy is so much stronger than when (Barack Obama and Joe Biden) took office. Nearly 15 million new private-sector jobs.
Closing our state's wage gap would make a $9 billion difference to Missouri women.
Georgia's U.S. senators voted for legislation that would "gut clean air protections and increase oil dependence."
There are ‘sore loser' laws that would bar Luther Strange from pursuing a seat because he already lost the Alabama Republican Senate runoff to Roy Moore.
It was under Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton that changed the rules of engagement that probably cost (Capt. Humayun Khan's) life.
In a "sweetheart deal … members of Congress, thanks to the Obama administration, are going to be the only people in America to get subsidies in the Obamacare exchanges."
The Declaration of Independence was written on paper made out of hemp.
In 2006, Planned Parenthood performed more prevention services and cancer screenings than abortions, but in 2013, there were more abortions.
Says the reasoning behind Portland's high water and sewer rates is "all kinds of 'pet projects' unrelated to the core function of the water and sewer bureaus"
Harry Reid says he does more for Nevada. He's done more for unemployment. We were at 4.4 percent. Now we're at 14 percent. He's done more for the foreclosure rate. We have the highest foreclosure rate in the nation. He's done more for bankruptcy. We have the highest bankruptcy rate in the nation.
The (ARC Tunnel) project was originally estimated to be $8.7 billion, and New Jersey alone was on the hook for all overruns.
John McCain refuses to support a new bipartisan energy bill "because it would take away tax breaks from oil companies like Exxon Mobil."
When I was U.S. Attorney we wound up putting 10 percent of the state Legislature in jail during my seven years.
Says Newt Gingrich's contract was with "the lobbyists at Freddie Mac."
Barack Obama said he would debate 'anywhere, anytime' but has rejected joint town hall meetings.
In 1992, Barack Obama directed "Project Vote - an arm of ACORN that also encouraged voter registration."
The dollar "has fallen over 44% since Bernanke began pumping money into the system beginning back in 2002."
David Dewhurst has a "record of promoting an income tax."
Klein did not hold a single town hall meeting (on health care) where the general public was invited to ask questions or present their views.
[The Foundation for Individual Rights] is the recipient of donations from [DeVos] totaling about 25,000 bucks over four years.
The proportion of Rhode Islanders entering substance abuse treatment primarily due to marijuana use has reached its highest point in 20 years.
On residency requirements for public workers
The U.S. would gain revenue by cutting personal income tax rates in half and ending tax breaks.
The various people who have, in fact, committed terrorist acts in this country, from 9/11 on, none of them came from any of the seven countries that are the subject of the president's executive order.
Medicare "premium support" backed by Republican vice presidential candidate Paul Ryan "is not vouchers."
Facebook picks sides in Alabama Senate race ... shuts down Gateway Pundit and Breitbart reports on discredited Allred accuser
At a 2015 dedication of an FBI building in Florida, Rep. Frederica Wilson "stood up there ... and talked about how she was instrumental in getting the funding for that building, and how she took care of her constituents because she got the money, and she just called up President Obama, and on that phone call he gave the money -- the $20 million -- to build the building. And she sat down."
We have no regulation of drones in the United States in their commercial use.
Will (HB2) threaten federal funding for public schools under Title IX? No, according to a federal court which has looked at a similar issue.
false
Business spirit is the highest it's ever been, according to polls.
Passing a federal firearms "background check through the NICS database . . . typically takes 90 seconds."
Says Milwaukee County spent over $170,000 in salaries in 2010 for employees to "participate in union activities such as collective bargaining."
Says Glenn Grothman "is the single-most partisan member of the House."
Says there have been no cases of wolves killing people in Rocky Mountain states.
40 percent of illegal immigrants "had a visa and then became illegal," mostly because "they changed jobs."
It's been 4 and a half years since the United States Senate passed a budget.
After Ronald Reagan cut taxes in 1981 the U.S. enjoyed "exponential growth."
Says Bill and Hillary Clinton attended Donald Trump's last wedding.
You can be an NFL player with murder charges and not be suspended.
Says a new report shows the "devastating tax hikes (in the health care law) will have on middle-class Kentuckians."
Says that except for Donald Trump, "every other major party nominee" for the past 40 years has released their tax returns.
In last week's debate, Bernie questioned Hillary's commitment to fighting climate change because a whopping 0.2 percent of the money given to our campaign has come from employees of oil and gas companies. Not even 2 percent, mind you: 0.2 percent.
An amendment to the House health reform bill "puts new restrictions on women's access to abortion coverage in the private health insurance market even when they would pay premiums with their own money."
Earlier this year, the head of the Congressional Budget Office testified before Congress that implementation of Obamacare would cost 800,000 jobs.
Tim Kaine proposed "over $6 billion in tax increases from the time he entered the governor's mansion until the time he left."
From a standpoint of the county government, neither school system has received an increase in funding over the past six years.
Says Catherine Cortez Masto "was happy to line her own pockets with taxpayer dollars when state employees were slammed with frozen salaries."
Donald Trump "rooted for the housing crisis, because he knew he could make money off of it."
Instead of two for one, we have cut 22 burdensome regulations for everyone new rule.
David Perdue did not support the 2014 farm bill that U.S. Sens. Isakson and Chambliss did.
The benefits that were offered to me as a congressman don't even compare to the benefits that you get as a state employee. I just experienced that myself. They're not nearly as good.
New York has the third lowest rate of gun-caused death in America.
Says images show migrants on trains and buses heading toward the United States, not walking.
President Barack Obama "is the first president to keep a dog-trainer on retainer for $102,000 a year at taxpayer expense."
There are parks in Southeast Raleigh that still don't have air conditioning in the gym
It costs about $40,000 a year for a homeless person to be on the streets.
Says Texas U.S. Rep. Pete Sessions said the GOP's goal is to "go back to the same exact policies that were in place before this president took office... policies that crashed the economy."
Refugees are throwing rocks and trying "to kill you."
Providence graduation rates are up.
Says Gov. Rick Scott returned "$1 million in federal funding that would have helped the state cover the cost of overseeing insurance rates under the new health care law."
Red light camera installed to "promote public safety."
There are more guns in this country than there are people.
Seventy percent of all Texans are overweight or obese.
Says Nevada lawmakers voted to allow teenaged boys to "shower with your teenaged girls in public school locker rooms."
Even among "second and third generation" Muslims in the United States, "there's no real assimilation."
Since taking office in January 2011, "the ‘rainy day' fund has increased by 226 percent."
half true
Mitt Romney "supervised a company guilty of massive Medicare fraud."
CNN did a poll recently where Obama and I are statistically tied.
Says Connie Mack IV has been "a promoter for Hooters with a history of bar room brawling, altercations and road rage."
Gov. Wolf is trying to implement "a severance tax that would be financed by Pennsylvania's working class"
For educational testing, Florida "has chosen a company that has a significant history of promoting identification of the GLBT lifestyle for children as young as seven years old."
Wisconsin is #1 in the Midwest for personal income growth over the year.
In Afghanistan "the (military) leadership has proposed a new medal, an award for 'Courageous Restraint' ... for 'NOT FIRING BACK.' "
President Barack Obama supports immigration amnesty.
Says a photo shows Barack Obama holding a Michelle Obama 2020 t-shirt.
John McCain wants to "give oil companies another $4-billion" in tax breaks.
45.6 million people watched (the State of the Union), the highest number in history. @FoxNews beat every other Network, for the first time ever, with 11.7 million people tuning in.
District attorneys "have advertised that they will charge a criminal alien with a lesser offense than presumably they would charge a United States citizen, so they won't be deported."
DNC chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz "denied unemployment went up under Obama."
Says Scott Walker "gave $6 million in tax breaks to a corporation and told them that they can keep that money even if they lay off half their workforce."
Says Lee Leffingwell "raised property taxes 20 percent in three years."
The violent crime rate has risen, and the homicide rate has risen by more than 20 percent in just two years, really after 30 years of decline in violent crime.
Budget analysts say the looming tax hikes and spending cuts would "take us into a recession and kill jobs."
70 percent of the income tax that the state collects happens to come from Westchester, Nassau, Suffolk and New York City
As a student at Occidental College in Los Angeles from 1979 to 1981, "there were days where folks couldn't go outside. … because of all the pollution in the air."
Congressman Nye voted against a bill which would have defunded the $5-10 billion the IRS needed to implement health care legislation.
Texas has the highest rate of uninsured in the nation. ... And there are more uninsured children in Texas than in any other state.
Oregon families pay an extra $1,400 a year on higher insurance premiums to cover those who do not have insurance.
When I saw corruption and sexual harassment cover-ups I called on Sheldon Silver to resign.
Says Democrat Hank Gilbert "has a criminal conviction for theft, has multiple years of unpaid taxes, has multiple tax liens and fines, unsafe driving convictions (and) has recently been accused of taking a bribe and is on record lying to the press this year about his criminal record."
Reconciliation was used "for tax cuts for the rich twice under Bush."
Mitt Romney made over a hundred million dollars by shutting down (a Marion, Ind. paper) plant.
One thousand people a day are moving to Texas, which means there will be 15 million more people over the next 25 years.
In 2005, Dan Branch tried to expand third-trimester abortions in Texas.
You can't (end the separation of families at the border) through an executive order.
Says Jim Renacci ran against the Washington establishment in the election, but is now "hypocritically embracing it with big money, special interest fundraisers."
We give (foreign aid) to developing countries, and 70 percent of it's stolen off the top.
Last year, I was involved with an effort to to help prosecutors get their first pay raise in more than 10 years.
My plan offers three times as much tax relief to the middle class as Senator McCain's.
The Senate immigration bill "has immediate legalization ... and the border security is sometime in the future, and just like in 1986, it's designed never to come into being."
More people today are leaving Virginia than moving in.
Of all the illegals in America, more than half come through Arizona.
Some businesses in Oregon "are having to shrink back their businesses as a result of the law."
We're not engaged in nation-building in Afghanistan.
Says "Every legislative district in the state has at least one craft brewery and countless home brewers."
Says Vladimir Putin said, "President Obama and his fellow Democrats are either idiots or deliberately trying to destroy their own economy."
Says that when San Francisco banned plastic grocery bags, "you saw the number of instances of people going to the ER with things like salmonella and other related illnesses" spike.
Under a law proposed by Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker, businesses that move into Wisconsin "don't have to pay any taxes" on their income for two years.
Mitt Romney wants "to set a date for withdrawal" from Iraq.
We know that Sunday mornings have usually been given over to conservative white men.
Girl Scouts USA's curriculum "promotes Margaret Sanger, founder of Planned Parenthood, Betty Friedan, founder of NARAL Prochoice, and other pro-abortion women as icons for our children to emulate."
Our debt is already bigger than our economy.
Congressman (Tom) Cotton is the only Arkansan in Congress -- Democrat or Republican -- to vote against disaster relief five times.
California "is hemorrhaging population."
70 percent of Americans believe that we are on the wrong path.
In 2006, Bernie Sanders "voted in the House with hard-line Republicans for indefinite detention for undocumented immigrants, and then he sided with those Republicans to stand with vigilantes known as Minutemen who were taking up outposts along the border to hunt down immigrants."
Says Jeb Bush and Marco Rubio "had it set so that the winner takes everything, because they wanted to make sure that I didn't get anything" in the Florida primary.
Says his book, The Art of the Deal, is "the No. 1 selling business book of all time."
It isn't me cutting the budget. It's the Congress' decision on sequestration. So it isn't secretary of defense or the president doing this.
Says the Senate will have a record number of female senators in 2013.
A mailer from the Obama campaign "accurately indicates" that Hillary Clinton would "force uninsured people to buy insurance, even if they can't afford it."
Texas "spent close to a third of its budget on Medicaid last year, a third of all state spending."
Commerce Secretary nominee John Bryson "appears to endorse world government."
In the primary election, a "right-wing group spent more than $100,000,000 to support" Supreme Court Justice Rebecca Bradley.
Says five studies show his tax plan can cut rates and still bring the same revenue without raising taxes on the middle class.
After Hurricane Hermine in 2016, Tallahassee "didn't have power for weeks because (Mayor Andrew Gillum) stood in the way of crews being able to come in and restore power, because they weren't members of the right union or something."
VIDEO Kevin Bacon Saying ‘We Are Blessed To Have Donald Trump As Our President'
Congress only funded half the wall between Mexico and the United States.
Under his tax plan, "the greatest gains, percentage-wise," will be "at the lower end of our plan."
Up "to 45 percent" of illegal immigrants "are not people that physically crossed the southern border or northern border. They are visa overstayers."
Says Ted Cruz slurred Republican senators including John Cornyn as "graybeards" and "spineless jellyfish."
You've been tremendously deceived by people who say the Earth is not flat.
Rick Perry doesn't think there should be a federal minimum wage.
Says the federal government is earning more tax revenue now "than any other time."
On releasing photographs depicting the abuse of prisoners.
Obamacare represents "the largest tax increase in the history of the world."
Kelly Ayotte has voted four times against the federal Paycheck Fairness Act.
The Madison-Milwaukee (high-speed) train line is dead.
Florida has "the most errors and exonerations from death row."
We're flying 1987 planes with 1987 technology.
I personally am pro-choice. I always have been. And I made no qualms about that when I was elected governor.
Says Roy Moore is "on the wrong side of Trump's border wall."
Says the GOP is "helping pay for" Justice Rebecca Bradley's campaign and "she recently skipped court to attend an event paid for" by Scott Walker's "lobbyist friends."
MikeHuckabee.com gets "more hits than virtually any other presidential candidate."
If there's a government shutdown, "people don't get their Social Security checks."
Last year, we borrowed $1.4 trillion -- or 41 cents of every dollar we spent. Over half of this debt is held by foreign investors.
It is a commitment voters take very seriously: The only incumbent in Ohio to break his Pledge and vote for Ted Strickland's income tax hike was defeated soundly on Tuesday.
President Barack Obama "wants to take in 250,000 (people) from Syria."
Only the State of New York spends more money on Medicaid than the State of New Jersey.
It's just outrageous that under President Bush, the National Institutes of Health have been basically decreased in funding.
Says "Ammar Campa-Najjar is working to infiltrate Congress" and "is being supported by CAIR and the Muslim Brotherhood."
You've got a medical report on me that meets the same standard as Mitt Romney and Barack Obama.
2014 Federal Tax Refunds To Be Delayed Until October 2015.
Our reserves are now in much better shape than they were just a few years ago.
Since Newtown, more people have died at the end of a gun than we have lost in Afghanistan.
The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, whose government has important business and policy before the president of the United States, has already spent hundreds of thousands of dollars at the Trump International Hotel.
Says Bernie Sanders is going to "tax you people at 90 percent."
Jeff Greene can buy anything ... he owns two mansions.
Wisconsin has "the fastest-shrinking middle class in the country."
The United States spends "almost three times per capita what they spend in the U.K." on health care and "50 percent more than they pay in France."
We've got the highest corporate tax rate in the world.
Says a CNN anchor said that Hillary Clinton has gotten "a free ride so far from the media. We're the biggest ones supporting her campaign."
In our nation's capital, killings have risen by 50 percent.
Democrats already agreed to "a deal that Republicans wanted, that Eric Cantor said would be a win."
Democratic Reps. Cicilline, Boswell, Carnahan and Critz "demanded that Congress vote to increase the nation's debt limit without making any spending cuts."
The stimulus includes "$219,000 to study the sex lives of female college freshmen."
“This race will be the Democrats' top target this November.”
After Patrick Murphy's charges were dropped, Murphy's father gave the prosecutor a huge campaign donation.
Then, the Republican leader theatrically introduced new bills with stopgap budget language, declaring that we could stay until midnight and pass this compromise. Except under our constitution, a bill has to be read on 3 different days, so that's not possible.
(McCain) was opposed to ethanol. Now he's for it.
Says that unless the recipient called back about "your tax filings," you "will be taken into custody by the local cops as there are more serious allegations pressed on your name."
Ezekiel Emanuel, one of President Obama's key health care advisers, "says medical care should be reserved for the nondisabled. So watch out if you're disabled."
From 1947 to 1979, family incomes for rich, middle-income and poor Americans grew about the same rate. But since 1979, incomes for rich families have grown much faster.
Says the Central Ohio Human Trafficking Task Force "is the first task force of its kind in Central Ohio"
Workers in the United States are making less than they were almost 20 years ago, and yet they are working harder.
Says Obama has "doubled the stock market from where we started when he was sworn into office"
Greg Abbott was "charged with overseeing the state cancer research fund. But he let his wealthiest donors take tens of millions of taxpayer dollars without proper oversight. They showered Abbott with gifts and free vacations."
Even with recent changes, the average hourly wage at General Motors is still $75 an hour.
Says Lee Fisher "wanted a $1.1 billion tax increase which could have driven countless jobs out of state."
We researched to find out if anybody on Fox News had ever said you're going to jail if you don't buy health insurance. Nobody's ever said it.
We are experiencing the worst economic recovery America has ever had.
Says Paul Workman authored legislation providing amnesty for illegal immigrants.
Says state Sen. Steve Ogden was the "driving force behind business income tax hurting small business, crafted the Robin Hood school finance scheme making property taxes skyrocket, wrote a budget that will result in a $14 billion deficit and voted against" gun freedoms.
Ken Lanci is a lifelong Clevelander
Bill O'Brien's Tea Party legislature tried to repeal kindergarten and compulsory education, defund Planned Parenthood and eliminate insurance coverage for birth control.
There are actual cities like Birmingham, England, "that are totally Muslim where non-Muslims just simply don't go in."
Says that since he took office, "there have been no large-scale attacks on the United States."
Sen. George LeMieux voted to let oil companies off the hook and overturn pollution rules.
Says proponents of a bond package for the Austin school district say the district has the second-lowest bond tax rate "among the Central Texas area school districts."
Citing his efforts to secure the border, Obama said, "Overall, the number of people trying to cross our border illegally is the lowest it has been since the 1970s."
The stimulus includes "$7 million to build a bridge in Thedford, Nebraska, to help 168 residents avoid a 30-second wait at a local train crossing. Not one full-time job will be created."
Said he "opposed every budget Republican and Democrat."
The Notebook is finally getting a sequel. Producers of the upcoming film confirmed .... that filming will begin in Jacksonville, North Carolina this summer.
A new Colorado law "literally allows residents to print ballots from their home computers, then encourages them to turn ballots over to ‘collectors.' "
ISIS camp a few miles from Texas, Mexican authorities confirm.
Says Vladimir Putin once said, "The breakup of the Soviet Union was the greatest geopolitical tragedy of the 20th century."
No one in American history has moved from a June 16 announcement to a May 26 winning of a majority. Trump's achievement is remarkable.
Says Florida is one of a few or perhaps the only state "that has a statewide review of local land use and zoning decisions."
The recently passed transportation funding bill is a billion-dollar tax increase for Georgians.
Says Sen. Bill Nelson "has aligned himself with communists and dictators," "went to Venezuela to admire Chávez's revolution" and "supports murderers."
Illegal immigration on the U.S.-Mexico border is "the lowest in 17 years."
The Bush administration "pulled the troops out of Afghanistan, pulled the resources away, because they wanted to invade Iraq instead."
Governor Carcieri has not been campaigning with me.
Gov. (Scott) Walker has yet to create a job, he gives away millions to his friends, and he raises taxes on working people.
Says scientists are "in dispute" over whether being gay is a choice.
Says Holly Turner "failed to vote in five straight Republican primaries."
NC Republicans "raided $58 million that was supposed to help create jobs for North Carolinians."
In the early 1960s, all levels of government were "consuming about 27 percent of the U.S. economy," a number that has risen to 37 percent today. With that trendline, "we cease at some point to be a free economy."
Obama was enrolled in a Wahabi school in Jakarta. Wahabism is the RADICAL teaching that is followed by the Muslim terrorists who are now waging Jihad against the western world.
Chinese restaurant in Coral Springs, Fla., busted for selling dog meat to VIP customers.
Muslims "attempted to establish the first Islamic Sharia court inside the United States in the town of Irving, Texas."
New York state spends more than $8 billion in taxpayer money each year on job-creation programs - more than the combined total of the next three largest states
Says video shows Mike Pence quoting the Bible as justification for "Congress not to fund Katrina relief effort."
Barack Obama thinks terrorists just need a good talking to.
Not one dime of the tax cut that they are going to enact with the repeal of Obamacare will go to people who make under $200,000.
Obamacare "prevents (Florida) from regulating insurance."
Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama want to raise taxes on all income brackets.
Says recall organizers "started their website last November" and began work on their effort before he even took office.
Says he "beat (President Barack) Obama at the Supreme Court, saving coal jobs."
Proposed immigration legislation would give new immigrants "a taxpayer-funded cellular phone."
Over the last 30 years, extreme poverty has been cut in half.
The Books Sarah Palin tried to have banned.
Says Tammy Baldwin "wants to require children starting at age 5 to learn about gay sex!"
Chinese tire imports threatened 1,000 American jobs, so President Obama "stood up to China and protected American workers. Mitt Romney attacked Obama's decision."
Sixty percent of the Hispanics support the Arizona immigration law
Says a study indicates up to $8.5 billion in lost GDP and up to 185,000 lost jobs if Texas lawmakers approve a measure limiting transgender bathroom choices.
Says Lois Frankel "took a 40 percent pay raise" as mayor while West Palm Beach "lost jobs."
Says Kurt Schrader voted to cut $500 billion from Medicare, threatening "thousands of Oregon seniors and their access to their current coverage."
Says Bernie Sanders once said, "Instead of removing the conditions that make people depressed, modern society gives them antidepressant drugs."
Gov. Maggie Hassan's budget proposal "raises taxes on small businesses and increases taxes and fees by $100 million."
Under the GOP tax law, "if you live in Hinsdale, Illinois … you are now being double-taxed to the tune of $35,000."
Ilana Shafran Mandel's stake in Forest City Enterprises "constitutes significantly less than 1 percent" of the company's shares and any implication of a conflict of interest "is legally incorrect."
On the VA: "Over 300,000 veterans have died waiting for care."
Says Beto O'Rourke said he's grateful that people are burning or desecrating the American flag.
Americans are 25x more likely to be shot & killed than others in developed countries.
California "cut about $1.3 billion in child care (during the recession). We've only reinvested about $300 million."
Says Hillary Clinton once said "the average Democrat voter is just plain stupid, they're easy to manipulate."
The Clintons' foundation took millions from foreign governments including United Arab Emirates and Saudi Arabia.
There are still tens of thousands of missing service members from previous and current conflicts that our nation is working to find and repatriate.
The North Carolina bathroom bill "was really never repealed."
Cuba has "a lower child mortality rate than ours. Their life expectancy is now greater than ours."
Trenton politicians cut $1.3 billion from education.
(Since 1990) "every continent has seen substantial gains, with individual incomes growing by more than a third in every region of the developing world."
Says Bill White is refusing to debate.
Says it's documented that City of Austin fees for building an apartment complex are nearly 10 times what Dallas levies.
Gov. Crist's veto also clears the way for taxpayer funding of abortion in Florida.
The Democrats in the Senate last year introduced a constitutional amendment to repeal the free speech protections of the First Amendment.
Says Bill Nelson "voted to raise our taxes 150 times."
By spring 2014, parents of 60,000 students in New York state had refused to let them take the Common Core Tests.
He was a member of the Iraq Study Group and was either fired or quit from a very important commission that was trying to figure out the way forward in Iraq.
Fences have not worked. The Great Wall of China, the Berlin Wall. That's not good among peoples, especially friends like the United States and Mexico.
It's been 17 years that we've had unemployment higher than the national average in Oregon.
Rep. Frank Wolf voted to allow terror suspects to buy guns.
The United States "is not building the aircraft, the long-range bombers, the additional aircraft carriers, the nuclear submarines."
Says Hillary Clinton "has been a champion of globalist trade agreements. ... Worst of all, they are now pushing the disastrous 5,000-page Obamatrade — the Trans-Pacific Partnership agreement."
Says eight Americans died in a knife attack at a Minnesota mall.
Says "Donald Trump was doing a rally in the state of Florida" the day Trump's son and others met with a Russian lawyer in New York.
Obamacare (hit) Americans with over $500 billion in new taxes.
Says U.S. Senate opponent Ron Johnson "is opposed to all government-assisted student loans."
A Texas law requires every high school to have a voter registrar "and part of their responsibility is to make sure that when children become 18 and become eligible to vote, that they vote."
Rhode Island "is one of the worst states" for income equality.
If you look at the jobs lost in the private sector as opposed to the job gains in the public sector, it's out of whack. The government's growing and the private economy's shrinking.
Barack Obama "wants to nearly double the capital gains tax" increasing taxes on "mutual funds, 401(k)s" for "policemen, firemen, nurses."
Sheldon Whitehouse's failure of leadership, the adding of almost $8 trillion in debt in his first full term, is shameful...
Hillary Clinton wants to shut down family farms using "radical regulation," by raising business tax "rates as high as nearly 50 percent" and by taxing "family farms again at death by as much as 45 percent."
Georgia lawmakers are now considering passing the most extreme gun bill in America.
The conservative proposal to replace the Affordable Care Act "lowers premiums by giving New York the freedom to end Obamacare's costly and ridiculous rules."
Says Marco Rubio "skipped 18 defense votes including one to arm the Kurds to fight ISIS."
While fighting a move to toughen penalties for workplace gender discrimination, state Sen. Glenn Grothman said "he didn't believe women belonged in the workplace" but belonged "at home, cooking and cleaning and having babies."
The uninsured rate in California reached "a historic low of 7.4 percent in 2016."
Iran's regime "every Friday declares war on us."
Say "in November 2010, voters overwhelmingly supported the idea of creating a (library) district."
I did not — I did not — I do not say that. I do not say that climate change is a hoax perpetrated by the Chinese.
You can fill out your tax return in Estonia online in five minutes.
The only budget Ted Cruz "ever voted for in his time in the Senate is a budget that cut defense spending by more than Barack Obama proposes we cut it."
If Texas were a country our economy would rank # 10...in the WORLD.
Clinton Email: We must destroy Syria for Israel
Carly Fiorina, she's against banning assault weapons.
Kim Jong Un killed in (President Donald) Trump's overnight black op attack on North Korea.
Says Hillary Clinton wrote, "I believe the primary role of the state is to teach, train and raise children. Parents have a secondary role."
Most young Americans right now, they're not covered by health insurance.
It still had not gotten terrible on the roads by 2 to 3 p.m. Tuesday.
Barack Obama voted against "born alive" legislation in Illinois that was "virtually identical to the federal law."
The marijuana that kids are smoking today is not the same as the marijuana that Jeb Bush smoked 40 years ago.
Says Debbie Wasserman Schultz "has voted for huge subsidies for the sugar industry ... as well as for delays in cleanups."
Thirty-eight states -- Georgia not included -- have appointed, rather than elected, state school superintendents.
Says "About 7 in 10 of Oregon's inmates are in prison for violent crimes and serious sex offenses."
The new Atlanta Braves stadium will require no tax increase for homeowners and provide $3 million annually for Cobb County schools.
Americans admire Glenn Beck more than they admire the pope.
Says Chuck Todd said the Roy Moore story "felt completely orchestrated."
Says Scott Walker "has cut more from public education than he's put back in, obviously. He took $1.6 billion and some change away and then puts back $630 million and he's calling that progress."
On the new dollar coins, "'In God We Trust' is gone!"
George Allen voted to add $3 trillion to the federal debt, voted to raise the debt ceiling four times and voted for the No Child Left Behind Act while he was a senator.
Boston is just 60 minutes away and it's offering subsidies to developers who can charge higher rent than you can get in Providence while construction costs are more or less equal. As a result, the Boston skyline "is completely dominated by the cranes."
The Trans-Texas Corridor is dead.
Says Marco Rubio endorsed Obamacare for his own family.
To vote in Mexico every eligible Mexican citizen has to have a tamper-proof photo-ID card with a thumbprint and an embossed hologram.
Huckabee "granted 1,033 pardons and commutations . . . more clemencies than the previous three governors combined."
The national debt "has gone up by $1,729,000,000 during the Isner v. Mahut match."
Under President Barack Obama, "We've got the lowest labor force participation in over three decades, since 1978."
[If] you apply for a job, the chances are 1 in 7 that you are going to be denied that job unfairly if everybody is forced to use E-Verify.
President Obama is a Muslim.
The federal government is prohibited "from negotiating lower prescription drug prices for our senior citizens."
Says Adam Putnam "opposed bringing troops, putting troops on our southern border using the National Guard."
Since January 2008 the private sector has lost nearly 8 million jobs while local, state and federal governments added 590,000.
Malawi has just 300 doctors for 16 million people.
Obama secretly flees US - leaves stunning evidence behind.
Judging by a recent vote, Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz "thinks it's okay for medical marijuana patients to go to federal prison."
Says Barack Obama is the "first president to appoint 45 czars to replace elected officials in his office."
Says Ron Johnson "opposes entirely a federal minimum wage," except perhaps for "guest workers."
The "9-0 decision last week was the 13th time the Supreme Court voted 9-0 that the president had exceeded his constitutional authority."
Up until recently, 75 percent of all the sorties that left the base came back without dropping their ordnances, because there was such a concern about making sure that there were no civilian casualties.
Says U.S. Rep. Kyrsten Sinema "voted to cut ICE."
Says Brendan Kelly "spent his career" supporting Nancy Pelosi.
Says an election clerk in Green Bay refused to allow early voting on the UW-Green Bay campus because she "was afraid it would help Democrats," showing "outrageous partisan bias."
We were told there would never be a case of Ebola in the United States.
Says that Secretary of State Jon Husted and former secretary Jennifer Brunner both have supported a provision in Senate Bill 47 that would limit the days organizers have to collect signatures for initiative and referendum petitions.
According to HUD, it is patently unfair and socially unjust that wealthy people can live in an exclusive neighborhood.
Fox Sports cancels all NFL broadcasts ‘until players respect the flag.' 
Every student paying out-of-state tuition actually covers more than the cost of instruction.
Capital punishment is a "specific deterrent with the most heinous crimes."
Congresswoman Kathy Castor voted to spend $2.6 million to teach prostitutes in China to drink responsibly.
Dan Patrick was the only state senator "who voted against the Veteran Entrepreneurship Program, a program that assists veterans in successfully starting up their own businesses."
My opponent is endorsed by Citizens United.
Medicare does just as good, if not better, at keeping people healthy as Medicare Advantage.
Guantanamo detainees "get taxpayer-paid-for prayer rugs…they had honey-glazed chicken and rice pilaf."
Challenger Tim Tuggey "is a lobbyist who donated over $41,000 to Democrats who support abortion and same-sex marriage."
You may have driven the length of a football field in the five seconds it takes to check a text.
Cost of iPhone: $399 - Cost of healthcare for 1 year: $10,345 - Hearing @jasoninthehouse compare the 2 as if they are the same: priceless
Says no city comparable in size to Austin or smaller was broken into as many congressional districts.
true
Says that during President Barack Obama's tenure, the United States has created "15 million new jobs."
The number of SWAT raids have gone up by 1,400 percent since the 1980s.
Says a bill requiring ultrasounds before abortions "was supported by Republicans and Democrats."
Says a federal judge "sanctions Tennessee ‘birther' lawyer … for bringing a frivolous lawsuit."
Today there are more men and women out of work in America than there are people working in Canada.
New food safety legislation will regulate backyard gardening.
Says that Wall Street hedge fund managers "pay a lower tax rate than does a sheet metal worker in Parma or a school teacher in Cleveland."
Like Marco Rubio, Sen. Barack Obama had "one of the worst attendance records in the Senate."
Felony crimes in the city of Atlanta are the lowest they have been since 1969.
The people that perpetrated that travesty in San Bernardino had never been to the Middle East.
Annual precipitation "has increased in Rhode Island by over 12 inches in the last century."
Russia has "tremendous numbers of nuclear warheads — 1,800, by the way — where they expanded, and we didn't."
Says "Scott Walker tried to pass a law to allow pharmacists to block women's access to birth control."
A government report shows that alternatives to the Keystone XL pipeline "are worse" for the environment.
The Geneva Convention did not apply, until 2005, to the war on terror.
Right-to-work states "have higher rates of income growth."
Says Milwaukee County Parks director Sue Black has not received a pay raise in five years.
Under those eight years before (Barack) Obama came along, we didn't have any successful radical Islamic terrorist attack in the United States since Sept. 11, 2001.
The Portland-Milwaukie Light Rail Transit Project has created 1,525 direct jobs as of June 11, 2012.
The administration has issued rules for "$1 abortions in ObamaCare" and "requires all persons enrolled in insurance plans that include elective abortion coverage to pay" an abortion premium.
Republicans included "the Akin amendment in the Republican Party platform, which bans abortion, even for rape victims."
A World Health Organization report shows "that more people are dying of TB."
Rhode Island spends less than 10 percent of what the average state spends promoting tourism.
There have been "at least four incidents where bullets from Mexico have crossed the border."
Says "Did you know that the #KeystoneXL project is expected to create 20,000 American jobs, including more than 800 in Oregon?"
Two-thirds of the (Hurricane Sandy relief) bill had nothing to do with Sandy.
Wisconsin's 6th congressional "district has more manufacturing jobs than almost any other" in the nation.
Rep. Jim Renacci's plan to end Medicare also puts nursing home care for 3,000 seniors in the district in immediate jeopardy.
Obama has more czars than the Romanovs.
Bryan County, Ga., has "corrupted voter rolls."
Comic strip says government study shows Head Start "has little or no impact on the children it's supposed to help."
The government's twice the size it was 10 years ago. It's 30 percent bigger than it was when (Barack) Obama became president.
The leader of ISIS was imprisoned by American troops and ordered released to Iraq by Obama administration in 2009.
I asked (then-Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice) how many people had died and she did not know the answer to that question.
You will learn more about Donald Trump by going down to the Federal Elections to see the financial disclosure form than by looking at tax returns.
The Obama administration approved the sale of bump fire stocks on at least two occasions.
The Jerusalem Embassy Act "passed Congress by an overwhelming bipartisan majority and was reaffirmed by a unanimous vote of the Senate only six months ago."
Religion in America isn't receding. It's just the opposite. Faith is gaining new life across America every day.
We lose an average of 90 Americans every day because of guns.
Foreign companies in the United States have a significantly higher unionization rate than other companies overall.
Republican gubernatorial candidate Eric Greitens "spent another $600,000 on image consultants" to rebrand his charity, The Mission Continues.
A majority of Americans agree with a ban on assault weapons. "And by the way, so did Ronald Reagan."
The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit compared the health care law to buying a pepperoni and ham pizza from Domino's or Pizza Hut.
On average, each U.S. military working dog saves the lives of between 150 and 200 servicemen and women over the span of his career.
300,000 pounds of rat meat sold as chicken wings across America.
Each year ICE detains someone, it costs taxpayers over $50,000. For comparison, by the way, that's four times the amount the federal government spends on each child in our public schools.
In North Carolina, "now we're near the national average" for unemployment.
Says Ralph Hall is "the oldest member in Congress ever."
91% of suspected terrorists who attempted to buy guns in America walked away with the weapon they wanted.
Obamacare "was invented by liberal academic theorists."
New federal projections estimate that the health care overhaul "will cost $1.76 trillion over 10 years -- well above the $940 billion Democrats originally claimed."
We've introduced a bill that includes $12 billion in cuts over the next week.
Chemical weapons have been used "probably 20 times" since the Persian Gulf War.
Unemployment insurance kept more than 620,000 children out of poverty in 2012.
A million people a year come into the U.S. legally. No other country even comes close to that figure.
Says David Perdue wants to abolish the U.S. Department of Education, which would cost Georgia schools $1 billion a year and eliminate millions in student loans.
The Fed created $1.2 trillion out of nothing, gave it to banks, and some of them foreign banks, so that they could stabilize their operations.
Says "A baby in Coos County is two times as likely to be born to a mother who is someone who used tobacco during her pregnancy as is the average baby born in Oregon or the U.S."
Says Hillary Clinton's top 10 donors are mainly "banks, corporations and media," while Bernie Sanders' top 10 donors are labor unions.
Says President Barack Obama "has lost more members of the House and more members of the Senate than any president ever has lost" in modern times.
The lieutenant governor has the power to be an "economic ambassador" and "negotiate" on economic development
I was able to go and buy an automatic weapon … Most people can go out and buy an automatic weapon.
The candidates controlled by Madigan, all of them have said, ‘The answer to our problems is a massive income tax hike.' 
A picture shows former President Bill Clinton naked with another woman.
Says John Brennan "was a member of the Communist Party during the Cold War."
Puerto Rico mayor facing fraud charges over $3M in federal disaster relief
In recent polling in battleground states, a "majority of the people" said Hillary Clinton "is untrustworthy."
On subsidies for ethanol production.
The Tampa Bay Rays' "prices have been judged the most affordable in all of professional sports."
Leah Vukmir OPPOSES Buy American legislation.
The Government Accountability Office estimated (Obamacare) will add to the long-term deficit by $6.2 trillion.
Regarding the USA Freedom Act, "There is nothing we are allowed to do under this bill that we could not do before."
Says "the New York Times wrote about" Barack Obama wiretapping Donald Trump during the election.
Under Scott Walker, the Department of Corrections has only 18 people tracking 25,000 sex offenders and "there are nearly 3,000 sex offenders that are unaccounted for."
Bob Menendez actually voted in favor of higher taxes more than 70 times!
If you look at any real analysis, the Trans-Pacific Partnership is "going to generate better-paying jobs that are more stable."
As hundreds of North Carolinians face long lines at DMV offices around the state, Governor Cooper created a secret DMV office just for his friends.
Says it's not true that Florida black bears are an "apex predator."
Says President Barack Obama broke his promise to keep a Wisconsin GM plant from closing.
Says that after she declared her candidacy for Congress, "the redistricting process was manipulated to allow incumbent politicians to guarantee their re-election."
Since taking office, we have enacted more than $8 billion in cumulative tax relief.
Says the CBO said "it's not that people are getting pushed off a plan; it's that people will choose not to buy something they don't like or want."
Says legislative cuts mean Texas is "spending on average $500 less per student."
Black lung cases are at a 25-year high.
California's rent control measure Proposition 10 would have "No effect on homeowners"
Says Hillary Clinton "has called for a radical 550 percent increase in Syrian ... refugees . . . despite the fact that there's no way to screen these refugees in order to find out who they are or where they come from."
Say Michelle Obama "mandates" weighing children in day care.
A bill in Congress "will ban all semi-automatic weapons, including pistols and shotguns. So, yes, they are coming to take away our guns."
In 2010, 48,000 felons and fugitives lied and illegally tried to purchase guns. They [The Obama administration] prosecuted only 44 of them.
The state's unemployment rate is fifth-highest in the country, a full point above the nationwide rate and higher than all of our...neighboring states.
Says Mitt Romney "paid only 14 percent in taxes — probably less than you."
Virginia state employees "pay nothing" toward their pensions.
Say first grandma Marian Robinson will get a $160,000 annual pension for life when President Barack Obama leaves office.
An independent payment advisory board created by in the health care reform law is "like a Medicare IRS with the power to cut Medicare in order to pay for new government programs."
I have 35 years' experience making change.
Laurie Monnes Anderson "voted to let violent criminals out of jail early."
Jay-Z and Beyonce Attempt to Buy Rights to Confederate Flag to Prevent Further Use.
Says U.S. Rep. Ann McLane Kuster used $293,000 of taxpayer money to send campaign mail.
I've lived in Milwaukee "all 61 years of my life."
More than 400 car crashes occur each year on the current, congested Columbia River Bridge.
Says New Hampshire has the third-highest property tax in the country.
Our tax code has nearly doubled since 1985.
Eighty-seven percent of private insurance plans currently include (abortion) coverage.
On how money from a possible lease of the Ohio Turnpike would be used
Marco Rubio says "Solo Ingles" (English only).
Poverty levels (are) at an all-time high.
House Republicans required the use of Styrofoam cups in House cafeterias that are "part of Koch Industries."
Says the California state auditor "found (John) Chiang lost track of $31 billion dollars," as state controller.
Says Ken Paxton "shut down the world's largest human trafficking marketplace."
Rhode Island's state pension system "underperformed the median three out of the four years that Mr. [Frank] Caprio was in office."
Hundreds of thousands of (illegal immigrants are) going to state and federal penitentiaries.
Says Chris Christie "inherited the highest taxes in America and the worst unemployment in the region."
More money is dedicated within the Department of Homeland Security to climate change than what's spent combating "Islamist terrorists radicalizing over the Internet in the United States of America."
Says Jose Felix Diaz supports President Donald Trump's "plan to slash Medicare, charge older Americans an age tax and cut coverage for pre-existing conditions."
He told gay organizers in Massachusetts he would be a stronger advocate for special rights than even Ted Kennedy.
Test scores had gone up steadily for 40 years until No Child Left Behind and Race to the Top.
The number of African-American men in prison has increased fivefold since he left office.
Says Obama's net neutrality proposal "puts the government in charge of determining Internet pricing, terms of service and what types of products and services can be delivered."
For every $1 spent on afterschool programs, "we can save over $5, almost $6, in crime costs down the line."
We buy 35 percent of all Chinese exports.
Republican Bob Donovan has "run as a Republican time and again."
Active duty males in the military are twice as likely to develop prostate cancer than their civilian counterparts.
There's no real evidence in the last 20 years that growth from tax cuts has made up lost revenue.
Rob Portman shares "radical, ideological views" toward women.
On the Bush tax cuts.
Says lawyer appointed by Eric Holder to investigate government leaks helped and donated to Obama's campaign, vetting vice presidential prospects.
Thompson "voted against $250,000 caps on damages (and) almost anything that would make our legal system fairer."
U.S. Senate candidate David Perdue's company took $3 million from the federal stimulus program that President Barack Obama created.
Hillary's main extracurricular activity in law school was helping the Black Panthers, on trial in Connecticut for torturing and killing a federal agent.
David Simpson actually voted for driver's licenses for illegal immigrants.
Says it wasn't until he and a Senate colleague were able to "wrangle the actual streaming video" from BP that scientists were able to calculate the oil spill flow.
Our county now has the fastest growing airport in America, attracting nearly 1,000 new private sector jobs.
The governor is trying to take credit for recent actions taken by these companies. The problem is that for all three companies, the decision to move or stay in New Jersey happened before Chris Christie became governor.
Says Mitt Romney plans to "fire" Big Bird.
Says Charlie Crist signed "the nation's harshest marijuana laws."
There are at least 23 countries that refuse to take their people back after they've been ordered to leave the United States, including large numbers of violent criminals.
We gave every public employee in the state the freedom to choose whether or not they want to be in a union.
I recently had the opportunity to vote to give the president limited authority to begin strikes against terrorists in Iraq and Syria.
Says "If Oregon's Legislature simply authorizes $450 million for the CRC, it will … leave Oregon holding the bag for a great deal more cost responsibility."
Says President Barack Obama released a statement on the "death of brother Robin Williams before ... a statement on brother Michael Brown."
Says David Dewhurst "explicitly advocated" a guest worker program for all illegal immigrants.
Says female genital mutilation is "a central African problem," not an Islamic problem, as Bill Maher suggested.
We're practically not allowed to use coal any more. What do we do with our coal? We ship it to China and they spew it in the air.
There's only three countries in the entire world where there's no paid vacation by law, we happen to be one of them.
Mitt Romney's and Bain Capital's profits from KB Toys, which later went out of business, were "described by the Boston Herald as ‘disgusting.'"
We have the most productive workers in the world.
Mexico is "now rated the number one most dangerous country in the world."
Frank Guinta voted to make middle class taxpayers pay over a $1,000 more a year in taxes.
Texas legislation "would allow… teachers to kill their students if they felt it was needed."
The board of a nonprofit organization on which Obama served as a paid director ... granted funding to a controversial Arab group.
Says Barack Obama has "the worst record of any president when it comes to putting America deeper in debt."
Ken Starr's plane just disappeared on his way to D.C. to testify against Hillary (Clinton).
In the federal government, "there's $16 billion in duplicate programs" that can be cut.
Ken Mercer "wants Sean Hannity and James Dobson included in social studies texts."
Says the federal government is spending $765,828 to subsidize "pancakes for yuppies" in Washington.
This is the only state in the country that bypassed the General Assembly to authorize [in-state tuition for undocumented immigrants].
Small businesses that have "$250,000 in gross sales for the business. They're the ones that are looking at massive tax increases."
The Bush administration has "the Pentagon trying to take away the signing bonuses when a soldier gets wounded and ends up in the hospital, something that I'm working with a Republican senator to try to make sure never can happen again."
Says Republican U.S. Rep. Sean Duffy "voted against paying our soldiers" and "against increasing combat pay" while voting "to protect his own pay."
Says Ted Cruz represents a Chinese company found guilty of stealing blueprints from an American manufacturer.
Big soda has a lot of money. They make a lot of profit off their product and they market in neighborhoods that suffer from these very things that we're trying to cure.
The European Union … they send us Mercedes, they send us -- by the millions -- the BMWs -- cars by the millions.
Every month, we get the reports from the Bureau of Labor Statistics that say even more people have given up looking for work.
Says a man opted out of Obamacare after the marketplace launched on Oct. 1, 2013, and was informed he owed a $4,000 fine.
Says Sen. Jon Tester "took an income raise in the omnibus bill."
F: The grade given to Florida for college affordability under Jeb Bush's leadership.
Says "Detroit dumping a bunch of sewage" in Lake Erie "causes big problems" for Ohio.
Palin "stopped the Bridge to Nowhere."
Jeff Weems' "legal record is one of defending BP, Enron and just about every big oil company against the working man."
In the last decade, the average income of the bottom 90 percent of all working Americans actually declined. The top 1 percent saw their income rise by an average of more than a quarter of a million dollars each.
Our economy (in Louisiana) has grown 50 percent faster than the national GDP, even since the national recession.
Rep. Robert Pittenger "stood against funding for the border wall."
Sen. Barbara Boxer "passed only three bills in 18 years" into law.
Says that Josh Mandel voted to let insurance companies deny coverage for autism
The U.S. recorded its slowest economic growth in five years (2016). GDP up only 1.6%. Trade deficits hurt the economy very badly.
Says Rick Perry "supported a guest worker program to help people who would otherwise be illegal aliens."
Since President Obama took office in January 2009, the federal government has issued more than 468,500 pages of regulations.
Gun violence is by far the leading cause of death for young African American men, outstripping the next nine causes of death combined.
To use money from the TARP fund in the manner that is being discussed by the White House and congressional Democrats would be a violation of the law.
Says she is a registered nurse.
We would create thousands of jobs in Colorado, if the Keystone Pipeline were to be built.
Barack Obama supported keeping troops in Iraq, but now he wants a "precipitous withdrawal" regardless of "conditions on the ground" or "consequences of a defeat for the United States," an RNC radio ad.
I'm ninth generation from New Hampshire.
The overall fact about illegal immigration is that it's not actually getting worse.
Says the Texas Department of Agriculture didn't notify over 700 Texas students about a computer hack releasing critical personal information including Social Security numbers until 32 days after the breach.
Wisconsin is broke, and "state government is $3 billion in debt."
Says a Justice Department memo "directs that you must openly embrace gay marriage and homosexuality."
I think [a little] less than half of the people in our prisons are in there for less than a year. ... We have people who are check kiters and don't pay child support and we are locking them up in the state pen.
Most women, including 98 percent of Catholic women, have used contraception.
Says he's the first Aggie governor of Texas.
Ohio's lost more jobs in March than any other state in the nation.
Our unemployment rate is 20 percent higher than the national average.
Speaker Rubio supported gun restrictions that included background checks and waiting periods.
Earlier this year, [John DePetro] was accused of sexually assaulting a female co-worker.
Brock Turner's early release will be a regular occurrence if Prop. 57 passes.
Closing the tobacco loophole would save Missouri taxpayers $50,000,000
Just in the Austin MSA alone, 150 people move here every day.
They're paying a less rate of tax -- these richest people in America -- than they have in the last 80 years.
China will be allowed to build hundreds of additional coal plants. So we can't build the plants, but they can, according to this (Paris) agreement.
Says some Georgians can get health insurance for $105 a month.
Thousands (in China) owe their jobs to Mitt Romney's companies.
Says "Obama's deadliest cover-up (in an explosion that killed 29 miners) has been uncovered" by internal government documents.
When Trump won, we had the lowest voter turnout in 20 years.
Rhode Island has the "the second-most heavily deployed National Guard in the United States."
We haven't had a Republican senator in Washington for ... why, I think Clifford Case was our last Republican senator.
Nationwide tuition at public universities is up almost 300 percent ... in the last 20 years.
Georgia is one of the 10 most tax-friendly states for retirees.
Under Barack Obama's watch, we have expended $805 billion to liberate the people of Iraq and, more importantly, 4,400 American lives.
Says that Steve Watkins "bragged to voters that he built his company from scratch, but it was all a lie."
Last year, there were an additional 81,000 pages of government regulations. If you stack that up, it would be a three-story building.
Florida leads the nation in elected officials charged with crimes.
One third of all federal prisoners today are illegal immigrants.
On whether humans contribute to global warming
I just want to assure [you] we're not talking about cutting Medicare benefits.
When it comes to aid, "the United States is still about half as what European countries give as a percentage."
Texas agriculture is "at 98 percent efficiency" in water use and "just about maxed out as to what we can do on the conservation end of it."
Missouri Votes to Let Employers Fire People Who Use Birth Control.
When I go on Letterman the "ratings go up."
Massachusetts is reporting a trend far below the national trend in the escalation of health-care costs in this year.
(Ronald Reagan) raised taxes a billion dollars in his first year as governor of California.
I have given $30,000 of my unused travel expenses over the years to supplement the school system's general budget.
I can put 10,000 people to work. Electricians, plumbers, sheet metal workers -- by retrofitting all of the state buildings for energy independence or efficiency.
President Barack Obama's judicial appointments for Georgia and the region were drafted in secret and not vetted by legal groups among the president's supporters.
In Atlanta, since 1994 when the ‘Seven Deadly Sins' (mandatory minimum sentences) took effect, the violent crime rate has dropped 62 percent.
Says a Barack Obama "black imposter" joke got a standing ovation at San Angelo rodeo.
In the last 24 months, 10 rural Texas hospitals have been forced to shut their doors because state leaders chose not to expand Medicaid.
In countries that allow gay marriage, the rates of heterosexual marriage "have plummeted to where you have counties now in northern Europe where 80 percent of the first-born children are born out of wedlock."
I'm running for office with much more experience and qualifications than Barack Obama had when he ran.
FIFA "pressured Brazil into passing a so-called Budweiser bill, allowing beer sales in soccer stadiums."
The Christian Coalition gave (Adam) Hasner an F.
Says 21,000 Wisconsin residents got jobs in 2011, but "18,000 of them" were in other states.
Georgia has some of the best maintained roads in America.
Massive Bumble Bee recall after 2 employees admit cooking a man and mixing him with a batch of tuna.
The past president (Barack Obama) brought Al Sharpton into the White House something like 80 times.
The Democrats' health care bill "gives a new Health Choices Commissioner the right to look at an individual's tax return to determine what medical benefits or subsidies that person qualifies for."
Michelle Obama Just Received Life-Shattering News from the Doctor
I never proposed privatizing the (Milwaukee County) airport.
Says the University of Texas can afford to build a medical school because it has a $7 billion endowment and its football program had a $50 million profit last year.
Says Carlos Lopez-Cantera "even voiced enthusiastic support for bringing an Arizona-style immigration law to Florida, calling the measure 'common sense.'"
Undocumented immigrants "pay $12 billion a year into Social Security."
Lottery winner arrested for dumping $200,000 of manure on ex-boss' lawn
Says Ron Johnson "has essentially done nothing" to fight heroin addiction and opioid abuse.
In Congress, (Patrick) Morrisey wrote the health care law giving free health care to illegals.
Says there is an upcoming vote to preserve benefits of Texas homestead exemption for seniors and the disabled.
It's gotten to a point where the average federal worker makes twice as much as the average private sector worker.
Since President Barack Obama took office, "2 million more Americans are out of work."
There is a Republican "plan to end Medicare."
I never was in favor of shutting down the government. … (I) voted to fund the government fully.
In 2011, "the average annual compensation for a teacher in the Milwaukee Public Schools system will exceed $100,000."
On instances when abortions should be allowed.
I earned more votes in the state of Wisconsin than Donald Trump did in New York.
Says her actions as Wisconsin commerce secretary brought the state "84,000 more Wisconsin jobs than we have today."
Says King Street Patriots held a fundraiser featuring an author who believes that registering the poor to vote is un-American.
For decades, Madigan kept property taxes high and made a fortune helping cronies like Pritzker dodge them.
The Texas leg of the Keystone pipeline "has already created 4,800 jobs in just the year it's been up and running."
Says Ohio Gov. John Kasich "got lucky with a thing called fracking," which "is why Ohio is doing well."
The current (agriculture) commissioner allowed tainted beef to be sent to school cafeterias.
Says U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price said, "It's better for our budget if cancer patients die more quickly."
The Banking Committee voted a 1,336-page bill "out of committee in 21 minutes with no amendments, with the understanding that before the bill came to the floor, we would reach this bipartisan agreement."
Kathryn Starkey "only attended half of those meetings."
Says he "is the reason we do not pay a toll every time we pass over the bridge at MoPac and William Cannon."
A statewide poll showing 76 percent support and other surveys are a "strong indicator" of broad public support in Milwaukee County for a $10.10 minimum wage
Obama thinks the national anthem should be "I'd Like to Teach the World to Sing."
California and New York are "the two biggest polluting states in the country."
On support for gay marriage
Says Hillary Clinton "sent a memo" to all State Department staff that said "you should not do State Department business on personal email."
State government spending will be increase 10.7 percent this year.
We don't have bars on campus in Texas. It's against the law... no alcohol allowed.
Florida is one of only 10 states that totally prohibit a (firearm) registry.
Says Republican U.S. Senate candidate Tommy Thompson "supports massive tax cuts for corporations that outsource Wisconsin jobs."
Oregon leads the nation in number of jobs per capita in manufacturing.
The health care law includes "a 3.8% sales tax" on "all real estate transactions."
Less than two years ago, we made a commitment to repay the U.S. . . .taxpayers in full, and today we made good on that promise.
Department of Education officials investigating Virginia Tech shootings "have not once gotten into the car and driven down to Blacksburg to talk to the police chief or the university president or to anyone else."
Kelly Ayotte "has voted to defund Planned Parenthood" six times.
There's actually 600 abortions done after the 20th week of pregnancy every year in Ohio.
The average person "will pay $6,000 more a year" under Rep. Paul Ryan's Medicare proposal.
Says Mitt Romney flip-flopped on gun control.
We got [the Quonset Business Park] for free and we're getting zero dollars out of it into the state coffers … other than the fact that it produces the jobs.
Sen. Sherrod Brown's vote helped pass "Barack Obama's job-killing health care law, which slapped small businesses throughout Ohio with a $500 billion tax increase."
Even the CBO numbers show now that the entire $1.5 trillion tax cut is virtually paid for by higher revenues and better nominal GDP.
Obama Announces Bid To Become UN Secretary General